FN1/ISOT 9150/December 20, 2017
"NUMEROUS" CONFLICTING STATEMENTS: Deputy FBI Director in Hot Water After Testimony [Video]
While we're really not surprised by the  conflicting  statements by Andrew McCabe, we just can't believe another type of conflict wasn't an issue long ago. He took hundreds of thousands of dollars in donations from the Clintons for his wife's campaign. It doesn't take a rocket scientist to understand that this is a conflict of interest and wrong on every level. Please see our previous report below on McCabe's involvement in his wife's run for Virginia state senate in 2015. FOX News reports: Congressional investigators tell Fox News that Tuesday's seven-hour interrogation of Deputy FBI Director Andrew McCabe contained numerous conflicts with the testimony of previous witnesses, prompting the Republican majority staff of the House Intelligence Committee to decide to issue fresh subpoenas next week on Justice Department and FBI personnel. Investigators say McCabe recounted to the panel how hard the FBI had worked to verify the contents of the anti-Trump  dossier  and stood by its credibility. But when pressed to identify what in the salacious document the bureau had actually corroborated, the sources said, McCabe cited only the fact that Trump campaign adviser Carter Page had traveled to Moscow. Beyond that, investigators said, McCabe could not even say that the bureau had verified the dossier's allegations about the specific meetings Page supposedly held in Moscow. The sources said that when asked when he learned that the dossier had been funded by the Hillary Clinton campaign and the Democratic National Committee, McCabe claimed he could not recall despite the reported existence of documents with McCabe's own signature on them establishing his knowledge of the dossier's financing and provenance. FBI Deputy Director Andrew McCabe testifies behind closed doors on Capitol Hill. OUR PREVIOUS REPORT ON MCCABE: Acting FBI Director Andrew McCabe is being investigated by the Office of U.S. Counsel violating the Hatch Act according to a new report by Circa News. The Hatch Act prohibits FBI agents from campaigning in partisan races. Photos of McCabe campaigning for his wife raised questions about McCabe's compliance with the law. Acting FBI Director Andrew McCabe is being investigated by the Office of U.S. Special Counsel for violating The Hatch Act that prohibits FBI agents from campaigning in partisan races. The Office of U.S. Special Counsel, the government's main whistleblower agency, is investigating whether FBI Deputy Director Andrew McCabe's activities supporting his wife Jill's Democratic campaign for Virginia state senate in 2015 violated the Hatch Act's prohibition against FBI agents campaigning in partisan races. The agency's probe was prompted by a complaint in April from a former FBI agent who forwarded social media photos showing McCabe wearing a T-shirt supporting his wife's campaign during a public event and then posting a photo on social media urging voters to join him in voting for his wife. I am voting for Jill because she is the best wife ever,  McCabe put on a sign that he photographed himself holding. The photo was posted on her social media page a few days before the election, in response to Dr. Jill McCabe's plea to  help me win  by posting photos expressing reasons why voters should vote for her, according to the complaint. Other social media photos in the complaint showed McCabe's minor daughter campaigning with her mother, wearing an FBI shirt, and McCabe voting with his wife at a polling station. Here is another social media photo of our acting #FBI director, #AndrewMcCabe breaking the rules by campaigning on social media. The Hatch Act prohibits FBI employees from engaging  in political activity in concert with a political party, a candidate for partisan political office, or a partisan political group. It defines prohibited political activity as  any activity directed at the success or failure of a partisan group or candidate in a partisan election. An ethics expert told Circa the photos raised legitimate questions about McCabe's compliance with the law. Meanwhile, Virginia Gov. Terry McAuliffe's office released to Circa under the Freedom of Information Act documents showing McCabe attended a meeting with his wife and the governor on a Saturday in March 2015 specifically to discuss having Jill McCabe run for state Senate in Virginia as a Democrat. This is a candidate recruitment meeting. McCabe is seriously considering running against State Senator Dick Black. You have been asked to close the deal,  the briefing memo for McAuliffe read. Watch Sean Hannity discuss McCabe's involvement in his wife's campaign as well as his ties to Hillary's campaign: Included in the governor's briefing package was a copy of McCabe's FBI biography. The biography made clear that Andrew McCabe was a senior executive who at the time oversaw the FBI's Washington field office that among many tasks supervised investigations in northern Virginia. At the time of the meeting, published reports indicate agents in the Washington field office were involved in both a probe of McAuliffe and of the governor's close friend, Hillary Clinton's and her private email account.

FN2/ISOT 4726/September 7, 2016
Secret Meeting Reveals Trump Camp's REAL Economic Plan, And It's NOTHING Like What We've Heard
Trump has been telling the whole world about how he'll make our economy boom. He's going to cut taxes, but not cut Medicare or Social Security. He tells blue collar workers that he'll renegotiate all our trade agreements to bring their jobs back. He's going to balance the federal budget within seven years. He has something for everyone, but no plan to pay for any of it. Or does he? Trump's senior economic adviser, Stephen Moore, held a hush-hush meeting with the vice president of the Council for National Policy, Bill Walton. In that meeting, Moore revealed a lot of the ins and outs of the campaign's ideas for paying for his plan, and the whole thing smacks of far-right, free-market, trickle-down, anti-government conservatism unlike anything we've seen before. Moore wants Trump to eliminate the Department of Education, Department of Commerce, and Department of Energy, just to start. That will cost, oh, about 150,000 jobs or so. Not to mention that, with the elimination of the Department of Commerce, we'll lose the U.S. Patent Office, the U.S. Census Bureau, the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, and more. Trump believes, however, that this is the source of a lot of crony capitalism and corporate welfare. So make it disappear! They also want to get rid of the Department of Education. That, however, will cost us a uniform accreditation process for colleges and universities, along with everything having to do with grants and student loans. No biggie, everyone can just get private student loans from their own banks, right? Right. Even if they're the poorest of the poor. They d have to, seeing as how it's not likely Congress will pass universal post-secondary education anytime soon. It's Moore that's pushing Trump to do something about the Department of Energy. including ending the energy subsidies. Eliminating the entire department will probably cost us every national laboratory we have that deals with energy research and development. This includes the famous Los Alamos National Laboratory, which was responsible for developing the atom bomb. They also work on nuclear research, cryogenics, and more (maybe they'll just hand these over to private companies with profit motives). He actually said, in that meeting: I mean, my God, why do we need an Energy Department? All the Energy Department has done in the last 25 years is make energy prices more expensive! Or it was due, at least in part, to giving utilities to private enterprises with a profit motive, but hey, he can think what he wants. They can, of course, move these agencies and offices to other departments, and maybe consolidate some, but the savings from doing this won't be near what they likely think. Moore believes in sending things like job training, health care and other medical services, back to the states. The federal government would give the states block grants to administer this stuff. Perhaps Trump would give them yuuuuuuuuuuuuuge block grants to administer all of the above things that will disappear with department elimination, too. And then they'll slowly go away as budgets get cut. States are notorious for finding ways around the strings attached to block grants, which allows them to divert that money to other things. But these kinds of proposals aren't exactly new for Republicans. What Moore also wants Trump to do is lift all (read: all) restrictions and regulations on mining, drilling and fracking. And here we have it: The answer to which energy subsidies would get cut. The ones going to renewables, because of course. Lifting the regulations on fossil fuel production would, in Moore's view, create 6 to 8 million new jobs. Those jobs would increase tax revenue. That, plus ending the subsidies to renewables so that fossil fuels no longer have competition, would bring a windfall of cash. Then Trump can pay for the tax cuts he plans to give his rich buddies. That is, of course, assuming that fossil fuel prices stay where they are, or rise. The energy companies have to see a profit in this plan, or they won't play ball. We can't stop the rest of the world from developing renewables and leaving us in the dust, and we can't stop OPEC from continuing to produce as much as they want to compete with us. Working as closely with a master businessman as Moore is, he should know that falling demand means falling prices. The energy companies have already put some brakes on fracking here because of the glut of oil worldwide. It's not as profitable to frack right now as they want. Plus, no regulation at all? Yeah. that'll work. You watch. It'll be great. we'll have the best market. Companies will become safer and more environmentally conscious because of competition. Or so the free-market capitalists  wet dreams say. Moore really hopes that Trump will climb on board with all of this. After all, Moore just wants to help his candidate make America great again, and clearly, this will do it. It's foolproof!

FN3/ISOT 3672/November 27, 2016
Meet The Republicans Who May Actually Help Democrats Control The Senate And Thwart Trump
We've known for more than a year that some Republicans are less than thrilled with Donald Trump, and now they're even more irritated because he won and they get to put up with him. Now the party must grapple with his extreme agenda, and there are actually several Republican senators who are looking to block, or at least mitigate, some of what Trump wants to do. These aren't just any Republican senators, either. Many have a lot of influence and are seen as leaders, whether they're officially part of the leadership or not. They include Sens. Susan Collins (Maine), Jeff Flake and John McCain (Arizona), Rand Paul (Kentucky), Lamar Alexander (Tennessee), Ben Sasse (Nebraska) and Lindsey Graham (South Carolina). And all of them have different agenda items against which they'll work. One of the worst potential thorns in Trump's side could be Rand Paul. In 2013, he was part of the infuriating group that shut down the government for 16 days over the Affordable Care Act, but later said it was a  dumb idea.  He's been a terrible obstructionist, but he is willing and ready to use his obstructionism to filibuster Trump's cabinet picks. Yes, he will turn against his own to prevent some of Trump's cabinet nominations from getting confirmed if he has to. He spoke out against both John Bolton and Rudy Giuliani for Secretary of State, going so far as to call Bolton  a menace.  Bolton doesn't seem to be in the running anymore, but Giuliani is. There's a possibility that Paul might oppose other potential picks as well, depending on who they are and how Paul sees them. It would only take three Republicans to block Trump's nominees on the floor, assuming Democrats unite against any controversial picks. Susan Collins of Maine is more centrist than many of her Republican colleagues, and she's very good at building bipartisan coalitions, along with others in this group. If need be, they can gain control over an issue and take some of the wind out of the leadership's sails. Ben Sasse of Nebraska is prepared to challenge Trump on executive overreach. Trump has said, in plain language, that he plans to use executive orders to accomplish some of his agenda on his very first day in office. He also used words like  reign,  during his campaign, which Sasse took major issue with. Depending on what all those items are, Trump could feel pushback from Sasse and other conservatives looking to rein in the executive branch. John McCain carries a deep distrust of Trump's buddy Putin. He, Lindsey Graham and even Ben Sasse don't believe it's a smart idea for us to try and work more closely with Russia, especially if it comes at the expense of our European allies. That could mean opposing any effort to withdraw from NATO and opposing joining forces with Russia and Syrian dictator Bashar al-Assad. we've tried to  reset  relations with Russia before, and Putin decided to play conqueror and invade Ukraine. McCain rightfully believes Putin is not to be trusted. Considering his and Trump's bromance, Trump may not be trustworthy in this arena either, making McCain and Graham into major problems for him. Lamar Alexander has been urging his colleagues to proceed cautiously with trying to repeal the ACA because developing a replacement could take years. Simply pulling it out  root and branch  as quickly as possible could be disastrous for the U.S., particularly if it creates a vacuum while they're hashing out every idea imaginable for replacing it. It would especially hurt the working class, many of whom have been able to get healthcare thanks to expanded Medicaid coverage and who Trump claimed to represent. Alexander also has close relationships with Democratic Senators Chuck Schumer (the new minority leader), and Patty Murray. Patty Murray is the senior Democrat on the Senate Health, Education, Labor and Pensions Committee, which Alexander chairs. He can be a voice of reason sometimes, if for no other reason than he really doesn't like feeling like he must vote along party lines. It's true that some of these issues will put these senators at odds with each other. However, the Senate is split 51-48 right now, which could go to 51-49 depending on what happens in Louisiana next month. The narrow margin means it doesn't take many to create a pseudo-majority of Democrats in this environment. And while, yes, every one of these senators has been problematic for progress over the years, any Republican opposition to Trump could be extremely helpful. Every one of these senators has said that they'll take things issue by issue, rather than oppose Trump unilaterally. It's also hard to say just how committed to their issues they are vs. how committed to toeing the party line they are. If they actually remain true to their consciences, they'll be the senators we need to keep checks on the more extreme House, and on Trump's own insanity.

FN4/ISOT 9174/Dec 17, 2017
"GUATEMALAN" MAN DIES After Falling Into WASTE GRINDER At Meat Plant... Former Worker Claims They Hire "90% Illegal Aliens"...Including "10-12 Yr Old Kids"
This story is absolutely horrific, but not surprising. Bleeding heart liberals aren't doing illegal aliens any favors by fighting for them to come here, only to be abused by their employers, who hire them, and then hold their illegal immigration status over their heads when they demand safer working conditions. (See video below)A worker caught in a machine at a meat processing plant has died in Ohio, according to local authorities. Samuel Martinez, 62, was killed by the machine on Saturday afternoon at the Fresh Mark plant in Canton, Ohio. The  Guatemalan national  died at the scene. According to the Stark County Coroner's Office, the man stepped into a chute and was stuck in the waste grinder. In a statement released on Saturday, Fresh Mark said that they would work with local law enforcement to figure out what caused the accident. This afternoon just before 5 pm, we experienced a work-related fatality at our Canton facility, they said. Our primary concern rests with the wellbeing of this employee's family, as well as with the safety and well-being of all our employees in the Canton and other Fresh Mark facilities. We are working with authorities to determine the facts regarding this incident. The incident marks the second of such to happen at the company. In 2011, an employee was electrocuted while trying to plug in a fan as he was standing in water. The company sells pork related meat under the Superior and Sugardale brands.  Daily Mail In 2011, Steve Salvi, the founder of Ohio Jobs & Justice PAC interviewed an Ohio worker that made some startling allegations regarding the alleged hiring of underaged illegal aliens at one of Fresh Mark's Sugardale meatpacking plants in Canton, Ohio. In addition to outing the company for hiring underage illegal alien workers, the former Fresh Mark employee claims a veteran returned from Iraq and applied for a job at the meat processing company. The veteran was allegedly turned down until he could prove that he spoke the Spanish language. In May 2017, the very liberal New Yorker published a story about a 17-year old Guatemalan boy who was too young to work in a factory, and lost his leg due to the unsafe working conditions at neighboring Case Farms in Ohio. The New Yorker says the Case Farms plants are among the most dangerous workplaces in America. Osiel sanitized the liver-giblet chiller, a tublike contraption that cools chicken innards by cycling them through a near-freezing bath, then looked for a ladder, so that he could turn off the water valve above the machine. As usual, he said, there weren't enough ladders to go around, so he did as a supervisor had shown him: he climbed up the machine, onto the edge of the tank, and reached for the valve. His foot slipped; the machine automatically kicked on. Its paddles grabbed his left leg, pulling and twisting until it snapped at the knee and rotating it a hundred and eighty degrees, so that his toes rested on his pelvis. The machine  literally ripped off his left leg,  medical reports said, leaving it hanging by a frayed ligament and a five-inch flap of skin. Osiel was rushed to Mercy Medical Center, where surgeons amputated his lower leg. Case Farms plants are among the most dangerous workplaces in America. In 2015 alone, federal workplace-safety inspectors fined the company nearly two million dollars, and in the past seven years, it has been cited for two hundred and forty violations. That's more than any other company in the poultry industry except Tyson Foods, which has more than thirty times as many employees. David Michaels, the former head of the Occupational Safety and Health Administration (OSHA), called Case Farms  an outrageously dangerous place to work.  Four years before 17 year old Guatemalan worker, Osiel Lopez Perez lost his leg, Michaels's inspectors had seen Case Farms employees standing on top of machines to sanitize them and warned the company that someone would get hurt. Just a week before Osiel's accident, an inspector noted in a report that Case Farms had repeatedly taken advantage of loopholes in the law and given the agency false information.  The company has a twenty-five-year track record of failing to comply with federal workplace-safety standards,  Michaels said. Case Farms has built its business by recruiting some of the world's most vulnerable immigrants, who endure harsh and at times illegal conditions that few Americans would put up with. When these workers have fought for higher pay and better conditions, the company has used their immigration status to get rid of vocal workers, avoid paying for injuries, and quash dissent. Thirty years ago, Congress passed an immigration law mandating fines and even jail time for employers who hire unauthorized workers, but trivial penalties and weak enforcement have allowed employers to evade responsibility. Under President Obama, Immigration and Customs Enforcement agreed not to investigate workers during labor disputes. Advocates worry that President Trump, whose Administration has targeted unauthorized immigrants, will scrap those agreements, emboldening employers to simply call ice anytime workers complain.

FN5/ISOT 3899/November 7, 2016
Longtime Republican Strategist Just Cast Her Vote For Hillary
This is not something that happens every day, but it's exactly what Ana Navarro did on Monday. Navarro has been a Republican since Ronald Reagan was in office, but the rise of Donald Trump as the GOP nominee has disgusted her so much that she denounced the party said she would be writing in her mother's name on her ballot rather than give a vote to Trump. But Navarro changed her mind after thinking about the close election in Florida in 2000 in which George W. Bush won by a mere 537 votes. As a Florida resident, Navarro doesn't want a repeat that send Trump to the White House. So she cast her vote for Hillary and told the world all about it in a column published on CNN. I had hoped that a week before the election, Trump would be losing Florida by a large enough margin that my vote wouldn't matter. But darn it, my home state is too close to call. Florida could be the decisive state (again) as to who ultimately becomes the next president of the United States. I thought back to the 2000 election, which was decided by 537 votes in Florida. I thought about how I would feel if the same thing happened in 2016. I thought and I thought and I thought. Then I cast my vote for Hillary Clinton. Let me rephrase that. I cast my vote against Donald Trump. I did it without joy or enthusiasm. I did it out of civic duty and love for our country. Navarro, who is an immigrant, said she voted against Trump because of the way he has insulted and demonized immigrants like her over the past year and half. On the first day of his campaign, Trump called Mexicans  rapists  and as a Hispanic immigrant that infuriated Navarro. I voted against Donald Trump for every American who looks and sounds like me,  Navarro wrote.  Because we love this country. We are proud of this country. We stand as equals in the United States of America. Trump has also repeatedly insulted women, and as a woman herself, that disgusted Navarro to her core. I voted against Donald Trump because of all women in my life who have been sexually harassed or assaulted and remained silent, bearing the embarrassment, even shame, for years,  she continued. And Trump has also insulted disabled Americans, which made this election gave Navarro a more personal reason to vote against Trump. I voted against Trump because of Daniel Navarro, my severely disabled brother. My entire life, I have been pained and angered seeing young kids stare at him and mimic his disability. I had never seen a grown man mimic a disabled person. Trump did so in front of thousands of people at one of his rallies. In front of millions of people watching on TV. Most of us would punish our children for exhibiting such behavior. For Navarro it came down to choosing a candidate who has bad character or a candidate who made some bad judgments. In the end, Navarro voted for the latter because she believes a president needs to be a role model for children and while bad judgments can be avoided in the future, bad character won't change. She slammed Trump for being a terrible role model and blasted him for calling our democratic system rigged just because he is losing. And that's why she urged everyone to use their vote as a weapon to defeat Trump. Some tell me, in 2016 we should no longer expect the president of the United States to be a role model,  Navarro wrote.  I refuse to accept that. The president of the United States has to lift us all in moments of national grief. The president of the United States has to hug the children and spouses of fallen soldiers. That person represents us all. That person is recognized as the face and the voice for America in front of the rest of the world, and more importantly, by our children. A person supported by the Klu Klux Klan and its former Grand Wizard David Duke can never represent me. He can never be a role model for me. We each have a right and a duty to make a personal choice based on those things that are most important to us, that we value most. My conscience compels me to do every little thing I can to make sure a bad person is not our next president. In America, we don't choose our leaders through violence or armed insurrections. One vote is our right. One vote is our weapon. I am exercising mine against Donald Trump. Donald Trump is so toxic that many Republicans like Navarro have jumped ship to endorse or vote for Hillary Clinton. So much so that some red states such as Texas, Arizona, and Georgia are in play for the Democrats this year and may end up becoming battleground states in elections to come. That's how bad Republicans screwed up by choosing Trump as their leader.

FN6/ISOT 8288/February 7, 2016
CNN Just Brutally DISMANTLED Ted Cruz For Knowingly Lying About Their Reporting (VIDEO)
There are many certainties in life. Grass is green. Water is wet. If you place an electric eel in your bathwater and climb in, the results will not be positive. Ted Cruz is a liar. Recently, Cruz played a trick even dirtier than sending out a campaign mailer falsely accusing Iowans of  voting violations  that feature  data  the campaign completely made up. Continuing his tradition of never telling the truth about a single thing, he convinced people rival Ben Carson had dropped out of the race. The press is reporting that Dr. Ben Carson is taking time off from the campaign trail after Iowa and making a big announcement next week,  Team Cruz said in a campaign email.  Please inform and Carson caucus goers of this news and urge them to caucus for Cruz. Cruz has, numerous times, cited faulty reporting by CNN as the reason his lackeys immediately began spreading the  news  that Dr. Brain had quit. In reality, the rumor came from Rep. Steve King, who retweeted a message from a CNN reporter and opined  Carson looks like he is out.  Carson had previously announced that he will be skipping New Hampshire, where he polls lower than even Jeb Bush and Carly Fiorina, and South Carolina the same state  that is currently building a multimillion dollar shrine to a shameful symbol of slavery. Here's what was actually said: Carson won't go to NH/SC, but instead will head home to Florida for some R&R. he'll be in DC Thursday for the National Prayer Breakfast.  Chris Moody (@moody) February 2, 2016 One thing that is missing quite notably are the words  Carson is dropping out  or any variation thereof. There's not even a suggestion that Carson intended to drop out.  During coverage, Jake Tapper and Dana Bash called the news  unusual,  but made no suggestion that Carson was quitting. In fact, the very same tweet King and Cruz used to dupe people informs people who know how to read of his next campaign stop: the National Prayer Breakfast. Unfortunately, we're not exactly dealing with geniuses in the Cruz campaign. Last night when our political team saw the CNN post saying Dr. Carson was not carrying on to New Hampshire and South Carolina, our campaign updated the grassroots leaders just as we would with any breaking news story. That's fair game,  Cruz said in a statement following his crafty little ruse.  What the team should have done is send around the follow-up statement from the Carson campaign clarifying that he was indeed staying in the race when that came out. That was a mistake from our end, and for that I apologize to Dr. Carson. Unfortunately, Cruz ignored some very crucial follow-up tweets that appear to be intended to clear things up for people who were too stupid to grasp the meaning of the initial tweet. At this point, it's clear to everyone but Ted Cruz that Cruz lied. Carson is going to skip two states that he stands no chance to win and instead relax in Florida. There's no mystery,  no controversy, no quitting. Cruz even grudgingly admitted that  CNN got it correct. My political team saw CNN's report breaking news and they forwarded that news to our volunteers, it was being covered on live television,  Cruz claimed, arguing that CNN had incorrectly reported that Carson was suspending his campaign from 6:30 p.m. to 9:15,  and  didn't correct that story until 9:15 that night.  The Texas Senator's blatantly false claim prompted a scathing reply from CNN, who pointed out that Cruz's continued use of the narrative  was especially notable because Cruz had walked back his accusations against the network earlier this week and said,  CNN got it right. In a statement, the network blasted Cruz's  astonishing  ability to commit to the lie: What Senator Cruz said tonight in the debate is categorically false. CNN never corrected its reporting because CNN never had anything to correct. The Cruz campaign's actions the night of the Iowa caucuses had nothing to do with CNN's reporting. The fact that Senator Cruz continues to knowingly mislead the voters about this is astonishing. It's amazing that Republicans are so willing to commit to their various lies even after reality destroys any illusion that they could be correct. From Carly Fiorina still clinging to her  baby parts  propaganda after the videos were shown to be heavily-edited right-wing propaganda and their creators indicted by a federal grand jury, to Cruz's remarks about Ben Carson and CNN, to pretty damn near everything that comes out of Donald Trump's mouth (though we do believe him when he says he wants to bang his daughter), the representatives of the Stupid Part of America carefully craft a bubble of their own reality and refuse to leave it even when the facts threaten its existence.

FN7/5651/July 1, 2016
WATCH: Fox Business Misses The Days Of Child Labor And No Minimum Wage
Many new minimum wage increases took effect on Friday, and Fox was quick to lose their sh*t over it. Fox Business host Stuart Varney discovered that $15 minimum wage laws go into effect today in 15 cities across five states, and proceeded to wax nostalgic along with his panel of guests about the days when there were no minimum wage laws or child labor laws in this country. Panelist Tammy Bruce warned that it will a cause  a march towards robotics  as if robots taking over a jobs is something that's never happened before.  You're going to have kiosks that are going to be able to sell things to people,  she continued. This we've learned from Seattle, and some other cities that have already implemented it, that jobs are lost. That this, it's the burden is put on the back of other struggling people. You will fire individuals in order to maintain that the salary requirement of the others that you have there. And others, of course, are putting fast-food places are putting in robotics, and kiosks, so you can order your own food. This is what's going to happen. In fact, the Seattle minimum wage increase has not caused the sky to fall as Bruce and her Fox colleagues have been claiming since it was first passed. Many workers are bringing home more money to pay bills and take care of their families. Prices for products have not shot up as conservatives warned and it's still too early to tell if the wage increase is slowing job growth. Varney then turned to WWE has-been John Layfield, who makes a living being a loudmouth on television. Layfield spoke from the nation of Bermuda, and giddily explained that Bermuda does not have a minimum wage and that children work for tips. LAYFIELD: There actually isn't a minimum wage here, right now. You see some of these young kids I run a program for at-risk kids down, sacking groceries, about age 12, and they work off tips. So there isn't actually a minimum wage here. BRUCE: That's how it used to be. LAYFIELD: And it actually works fine. The problem I have with this $15 minimum wage is why 15, because it looks good on a bumper sticker? You're not talking about fixing anything. Tie it to inflation, or a basket of wages, so you take it out of politics and union hands. That's all it is. Except that it's really not working fine. As it turns out, there is a significant income gap in Bermuda and poverty affects many locals because unskilled workers from overseas are willing to work for very little which means great wealth for those who don't have to pay their workers very much because there is no minimum wage law. And children are forced to help out by working for nothing more than the hope of a decent tip. But Varney continnued to whine about the wage increases here in the states because people in poverty will now be able to bring in $30,000 a year. Panelist Elizabeth McDonald complained because she thinks anyone in an  entry-level job  should be in poverty, even if they have a family to support. She even claimed that college tuition will go up because young workers are making more. VARNEY: $15 an hour, for a forty hour week, is $30,000 a year. I mean, what  ELIZABETH MACDONALD: It's supposed to be an entry-level job, it's not supposed to be a career. And, by the way, AWOL in this debate when you have things in the [Obama] administration like raising overtime pay depending on the skill set, and minimum wages, watch out college tuition goes up. VARNEY: That's right, because of all those people who work minimum wage in the colleges. You've got that right. Of course, college prices were going up long before the minimum wage increase came into being. But don't tell that to Fox Business. The truth will hurt their feelings, if they have any. Here's the video via Media Matters. The bottom line is that increasing the minimum wage is not only fair it helps the economy in general. Every year, corporate fat cats receive salary increases of millions of dollars while the workers who make the business successful see their wages stagnate. This forces many workers to apply for federal aid to make ends meet. Raising the wage helps workers take care of their families and makes it unnecessary for a lot of them to apply for aid. It also helps boost the local economy because workers will use their increased earnings to buy goods, thus pumping more dollars into area businesses that will use those extra profits to pay their own workers a higher wage and hire extra workers if there is more demand. In other words, Fox hosts are fearmongering again and if they had their way, Americans would work for pennies and children would work for even less.

FN8/ISOT 8950/January 5, 2016
40 Million Bad*ss Birders Just Declared War On Oregon Terrorists
According to an open letter addressed to the  Oregon Terrorists,  there are some 40 million nature photographers and bird lovers in the United States, and they're pissed. The letter, written by a wildlife tracker and nature photographer named Kevin, warns the militants who are currently holed up in Oregon's Malheur National Wildlife Refuge that  no small group of armed thugs is going to destroy the great wildlife and national park system that our great Republican President Teddy Roosevelt and John Muir put in place over a century ago. Writing under the name Norwegian Chief, the author states that the entire birding community is up-in-arms over what is going on in Oregon: We are watching your every move, and we have been watching you for a long time. And yes absolutely you are domestic terrorists of the worst kind, and the truth about your decades of constant poaching of protected wildlife around Malheur and other wildlife refuges, national parks, national forests and BLM lands has been well-documented. For years those of us who are wildlife photographers, birdwatchers and carers of wildlife, have been documenting the activities of you poachers and criminals around many of our nation's wildlife refuges. He goes on to remind the armed thugs that it is people like himself who have brought many criminals like them to justice over the years: With our powerful cameras, and ability to move unseen in the wilderness, we have found and documented your illegal hunts, your illegal traps and all sorts of illicit activities, and are constantly feeding that information to law enforcement, and we have finally got many of you poachers on the run and into jails. Just to make sure that the terrorists understand that these folks mean business, the author describes in glorious detail, exactly why they should: Those of us who are international wildlife and nature photographers regularly face charging elephants, attacking lions and grizzlies, hidden crocodiles, massive storms, earthquakes, volcanic eruptions, the hottest, coldest and windiest conditions, and all kinds of poisonous snakes and bugs in our work, and we know the outdoors and wilderness from desert to jungle to sea to mountain to tundra from pole to equator better then any poacher or criminal or yeehaw yokel ever will, and we are not afraid to protect it. We have a just fear of nature from experience, but we don't fear you gun-toting thugs in the least. These are people who are likely to be far more familiar with the local terrain than the armed lunatics who seized the wildlife refuge. They're people who have spent countless hours hiking those trails, getting to know every nook and cranny of the wilderness. They're also people who have the kind of patience it takes to remain totally still for long periods of time, and to mask their presence so that not even a wild animal can detect it. Kevin writes: You will never see us, but we and our cameras will always see you. We will #takebackmalheur from you terrorists, and will not rest until every one of you thugs and poachers is behind bars where they belong. As Addicting Info reported here, the Harney County Migratory Bird Festival is a major source of revenue for local businesses. According to the letter, the birding network is watching every move made by these terrorists. They know who goes in and out, who is taking supplies and who is supporting this armed and illegal occupation. According to Kevin, someone from a nearby trailer park isn't going to like the consequences of their recent actions. We know the nearby trailer park, who is supplying you with food, and a tourist boycott of them is already in the works for all birders for this upcoming bird season. We know who everyone is coming in and out, and why, and every shred of information is going straight to law enforcement and across every birding network in America. He writes that he, and others like him are: sick to death of you welfare queens and cheats living off of BLM land, illegally gutting our wilderness and our wildlife. Malheur, Hart Mountain, Klamath Marsh, Yellowstone, Glacier, Yosemite etc etc, they all belong to us, we the American people. In closing, Kevin says this: We stand now and forever with wildlife, and you seditionists and terrorists are about to find out that's there is a natural law of karma that vindictive people, who go out and poach innocent animals, will never be able to outrun or hide from. We are watching you and our years of birding photography have made us endlessly patient and determined. I must admit, I never really thought of birders as being all that badass. I definitely do now. I have no doubt that if there was ever a head-to-head battle between these birders and the yokels who are currently occupying the Malheur wildlife refuge, these birders would kick YallQueda ass all the way back to the scum-filled swamp they crawled out of.

FN9/ISOT 3314/December 21, 2016
Trump Ally Ann Coulter Just Went To A White Supremacist Group's Christmas Party
Conservatives radio host and all-around terrible, horrible, one-of-the-worst-in-the-world person, Ann Coulter, has long been viewed as the unofficial voice of white supremacists for years, but now that Trump is elected she doesn't think she needs to hide it anymore. The Southern Poverty Law Center reports that Coulter, whom they describe as an infamous far-right attack dog who has spent years attacking the left, attended a Christmas party hosted by white nationalist anti-immigration group VDARE, which published writing that focuses on opposing non-white immigration into the United States, but [the site] has also published the writings of anti-Semites. Just to give you an idea who these people are and what they represent, the SPLC collected a few of their more notable lines from their collection of racist propaganda: America was defined almost explicitly, sometimes very explicitly as a white nation, for white people, and what that means is that there is virtually no figure, no law, no policy, no event in the history of the old, white America that can survive the transition to the new and non-white version. Whether we will want to call the new updated version America at all is another question entirely.
 Jewish activity collectively, throughout history, is best understood as an elaborate and highly successful group competitive strategy directed against neighboring peoples and host societies. The objective has been control of economic resources and political power. One example: overwhelming Jewish support for non-traditional immigration, which has the effect of weakening America's historic white majority.
 What race realists find most infuriating about the liberalism of the last half century is not just that it has lost its instinctive appreciation for the culture and people of the West but actively, viciously attacks them. Whites are doing something no other people have ever done in human history. Our rulers and elites welcome replacement by aliens, they vilify our ancestors and their own, they sacrifice our interests to those of favored minorities, and they treat the entire history of the West as if it were a global plague of rapine and exploitation. This is a disease that is killing us, and we must fight it head on.
 The cast of cartoonish gasbags in this almost terrifyingly surreal mess includes a guy who once claimed that black people are incapable of sustaining any society, someone who wrote a trilogy (wow, a whole trilogy, huh?) of anti-Semitic blood libel, and the writings of a deceased prominent white supremacist who has a terrifying final solution to the race problem: If whites wanted to do so, they could dictate a solution to the racial problem tomorrow by curtailing immigration and sealing the border, by imposing adequate fertility controls on nonwhites and encouraging a higher white birth rate, by refusing to be bullied into enduring multiculturalism, affirmative action, civil rights laws and policies; and by refusing to submit to cultural dissolution, inter-racial violence and insults, and the guilt that multiracialists inculcate. Naturally, since this matches Coulter's rhetoric almost entirely, you can see why she d want to attend their little Christmas shindig, which was hosted by founder Peter Brimelow. At the event, Coulter gave an interview to VDARE contributor John Derbyshire, who was fired by the National Review after his take on the Trayvon Martin murder: Derbyshire joined VDARE after being fired by the National Review in 2012 for writing a racist screed in the wake of the Trayvon Martin shooting titled, The Talk: Nonblack Version. The article, presented as a talk from a white parent to their child included lines like, A small cohort of blacks in my experience, around five percent is ferociously hostile to whites and will go to great lengths to inconvenience or harm us. It also included tips like, If planning a trip to a beach or amusement park at some date, find out whether it is likely to be swamped with blacks on that date. Coulter once suggested in a tweet that only people with four grandparents born in the United States be allowed to vote. If only people with at least 4 grandparents born in America were voting, Trump would win in a 50-state landslide.
 In Germany, this was known as the Mischling test, a way to sort pureblood Germans out from Jews. She also raised eyebrows when she tweeted out a defense of the American Nazi Party while lying about Al Sharpton: Total # of deaths connected to American Nazi Party in last quarter century: ZERO; Total # of deaths connected to Al Sharpton: 9 I know of. Coulter's recent open embrace of the white supremacist movement lines up perfectly with Donald Trump's election. This is no accident The Donald is terrifying in his ability to give voice to and rile up hate groups, and we can expect many like Coulter to drop the facade and show us who they truly are.

FN10/ISOT 298/September 28, 2017
High Schools Start Caving To Trump — Will Punish Athletes Who Won't Stand For National Anthem
As if Trump calling for a private organization to fire people who refuse to stand for the national anthem wasn't bad enough, it now seems that some high schools have decided to follow his dangerous lead. Parkway High School, in Bossier, Louisiana, will start punishing football players who won't stand for the national anthem. They could face less playing time or getting kicked off the team entirely. Waylon Bates, Parkway's principal, says that they require students to stand in a respectful manner throughout the National Anthem during any sporting event in which their team is participating. Failure to comply will result in loss of playing time and/or participation as directed by the head coach and principal. Continued failure to comply will result in removal from the team. Parkway High School is committed to creating a positive environment for sporting events that is free of disruption to the athletic contest or game. And it has begun. High schools are now following Trump's order. Will kick off any players who don't stand during the National Anthem. CBS News says that Bates is trying to keep politics out of his schools athletics. He accomplished the exact opposite with this letter, though. In fact, there's a chance now that this will only spur black athletes and their allies to do exactly what Bates does not want them doing. Evidently, the Louisiana High School Athletic Association allows schools to set their own rules about this kind of thing, so other high schools may or may not follow suit here. But the school doesn't seem to care about anything except forcing students to worship the flag. This is one of the replies to Shaun King's tweet: Called them- said constitution doesn't apply to extracurricular activities. Seriously- they said that. Too bad for the school that case law seems to be on the side of any students who wish protest, well, anything by not standing for the national anthem. Almost 75 years ago, in the midst of WWII, the Supreme Court delivered a 6-3 decision stating that public school systems cannot require students to salute the flag in West Virginia State Board of Education et al v. Barnette et al. This decision reversed an earlier SCOTUS decision upholding the ability of schools and districts to do that exact thing. This case is generally seen in the context that requiring students to salute the flag can be a violation of religious principles since the plaintiffs were Jehovah's Witnesses. Their religion prohibits them from saluting symbols. The majority opinion, however, barely even mentions religious freedom. Justice Jackson, writing for the majority in West Virginia Board of Ed v. Barnette, tied this to other freedoms protected in the Bill of Rights, rather than making it about religious expression. He held that freedoms of speech and of press, of assembly, and of worship may not be infringed [on] slender grounds, and wrote: Censorship or suppression of expression of opinion is tolerated by our Constitution only when the expression presents a clear and present danger of action of a kind the State is empowered to prevent and publish. It would seem that involuntary affirmation could be commanded only on even more immediate and urgent grounds than silence. In this case, Jackson believed that silence didn't create a clear and present danger that would justify an effort even to muffle expression, and said: To sustain the compulsory flag salute we are required to say that a Bill of Rights which guards the individual's right to speak his own mind left it open to public authorities to compel him to utter what is not in his mind. Justice Jackson essentially turned the case into one where the government tries to establish its own religion and tries to force its own views onto people; in that case, children. And it could be seen this way in Parkway's case, too, since standing for the national anthem can be considered saluting the flag. The school has delivered an ultimatum to its student athletes: Stand during the national anthem or else. Trump set off a firestorm by calling for NFL owners to fire players who sit or kneel (or stay in the locker room) during the national anthem. Despite the backlash, he's doubled down, and tripled down, and quadrupled down on it, spending a lot of time on Twitter slamming the NFL and completely ignoring the reasons behind the protests (to say nothing of his continued slights to Puerto Rico, which is now in the midst of a humanitarian crisis thanks to back-to-back powerful hurricanes).And now, high schools are starting to weigh in, and it may well be illegal for them to do so. Despite sports being extra-curricular, this is still a school official forcing his students to worship a symbol. And Parkway High School's principal has dragged politics into his athletic program with an ill-advised letter violating the First Amendment rights of students.

FN11/ISOT 9392/Nov 19, 2017
HOW SO? CNN HOST Makes Claim President Trump Is 'Race Baiting' UCLA Player's
CNN anchor Brian Stelter went off on President Trump this afternoon for his tweet hitting back at the father of the UCLA player who was arrested in China for shoplifting. Fredricka Whitfield put on her best puzzled face and said to Stelter, the way this President prioritizes is very confusing to a lot of people. Stelter noted how this time last year Trump was touting how restrained he would be on Twitter: If this is restrained, I can't imagine what it would look like if he were to be unrestrained. I mean, think about this. He's just recently let the NFL kneeling controversy start to subside, start to fade away, and now here he is calling out these players and the families again. I think it's immature at best, Fred, but it's really race-baiting at worst. That's gonna be debated, that's gonna be argued about, but I want to put that on the table: it sure looks like race-baiting to a lot of people. HOW THE HECK IS THIS RACE-BAITING? This is the same doofus who said President Trump's tweets about Puerto Rico were dog whistles Why is it always racism with the left? Why? RACE BAITING? HOW IS THIS RACE BAITING? HERE's THE PRESIDENT's TWEET AND LAVAR BALL's COMMENT HOW IN THE HECK IS THIS ANYTHING BUT THE TRUTH? Oh my gosh! This is awesome! President Trump tweeted back to the dad of the UCLA basketball player who was arrested while in China: Now that the three basketball players are out of China and saved from years in jail, LaVar Ball, the father of LiAngelo, is unaccepting of what I did for his son and that shoplifting is no big deal. I should have left them in jail!, Now that the three basketball players are out of China and saved from years in jail, LaVar Ball, the father of LiAngelo, is unaccepting of what I did for his son and that shoplifting is no big deal. I should have left them in jail! THE JAPANESE PM TWEETED BACK HIS SUPPORT: Great job Donald! I know first hand that your negotiating skills are world-class! HERE's OUR PREVIOUS REPORT ON WHAT THE DAD SAID: Send this kid back to China! The ungrateful attitude of the father of LiAngelo Ball is so classless. What's even worse the dad makes excuses and even dismisses the son's crime as no big deal: They try to make a big deal out of nothing sometimes. I'm from L.A. I've seen a lot worse things happen than a guy taking some glasses.
 LaVar Ball, father of UCLA player with sticky fingers And we wonder why we have little thugs who aren't remorseful for their crimes? The sense of entitlement stinks to high heaven! Bad parenting LaVar Ball! WHO? Days after President Donald Trump touted his role in the release of three UCLA basketball students who were arrested in China, LaVar Ball, the father of one of those players, suggested the President had little to do with the matter. Who? Ball told ESPN when asked about Trump's involvement in the situation. What was he over there for? Don't tell me nothing. Everybody wants to make it seem like he helped me out. Trump's social media director, Dan Scavino, fired back at Ball on his personal Twitter account Saturday afternoon, saying Ball's son, LiAngelo, would be in China for a long, long, long time without the President's assistance. Wannabe @Lakers coach, BIG MOUTH @Lavarbigballer knows if it weren't for President @realDonaldTrump, his son would be in China for a long, long, long time! #FACT, Scavino wrote. LiAngelo Ball, along with two other players, Cody Riley and Jalen Hill, were arrested last week on suspicion of stealing sunglasses from a Louis Vuitton store while their team was in the Chinese city of Hangzhou. Trump had said he personally asked Chinese President Xi Jinping to intervene in the case .On Wednesday, Trump issued a call for gratitude from the players on twitter. He did get a thanks for their release after his tweet. STICKY FINGERS NO BIG DEAL? Athletic Director Dan Guerrero confirmed the trio shoplifted from three stores near their hotel Monday night. The three were identified the next morning after police searched their bags and found the stolen items. LaVar Ball told ESPN he was happy to have his son back, and also seemed to downplay his alleged crime. As long as my boy's back here, I'm fine, he said. I'm happy with how things were handled. A lot of people like to say a lot of things that they thought happened over there. Like I told him, They try to make a big deal out of nothing sometimes. I'm from L.A. I've seen a lot worse things happen than a guy taking some glasses. All three players have been suspended from the UCLA basketball team indefinitely.

FN12/ISOT 3462/December 11, 2016
Trump Will ANNHILILATE The Working Class He's Pretending To Protect, And Here's The PROOF
Throughout his campaign, Trump repeatedly told anyone he could brainwash that the U.S. doesn't win at anything anymore. Supposedly, we used to be the perennial powerhouse of the entire world (like Duke, North Carolina or Arizona are perennial powerhouses of NCAA basketball), but we've fallen from that status, and now we don't win anything like the number of games we used to. In other words, we used to be able to tell the world what they would do, and they would do it. Now they don t. So Trump promised our working class that he would change that, and bring their jobs back, and make us so prosperous that those jobs would never disappear again and everyone would be begging to trade with us so they could have a tiny slice of our awesomeness. Whether Trump actually knows the truth or not is anyone's guess. He's too focused on winning. And he's told our suffering working class particularly blue-collar workers whose jobs are disappearing that the reason their jobs are gone is because we've given too much to countries that don't deserve our largesse or whatever. He's convinced half the country that the 45 percent tariff he wants on imported goods from China, and the 35 percent tariff on goods from Mexico, will keep companies from outsourcing manufacturing. And the people who bought that are the ones who will hurt the worst from Trump's actual trade policies. The Economist pointed this massive problem with Trump's rhetoric out with a single chart. We have free trade agreements not just with two countries, but with 20. Those 20 countries represent a third of our imported goods, yes, but they also represent half of our exported goods. Export is one of the major drivers of our economy, and our dear Mr. Trump conveniently forgets that part of the equation when he rails against China, Mexico, and everyone else. In the chart above, the dark blue, on both sides, represents our trade due to NAFTA. We do an awful lot of exports to both Mexico and Canada, in addition to imports. It's not quite equal, but it's also not so disparate that we're at the horrible disadvantage that Trump claims we are with NAFTA. Millions of American jobs actually depend heavily on NAFTA remaining intact. As far as China, yeah, we seem to be at a big disadvantage. However, it actually balances out pretty well when we factor in our trade with other countries. China isn't raping us the way that Trump claims they are. In short, when you look at imports versus exports, we're not getting robbed at nearly the rate that Trump would have us believe. To listen to him talk, we only import foreign goods and we export nothing. If that were true, then yes, our trade agreements would be destroying American jobs the way he claims. The problem with that attitude, though, is not only that it's false, but it also shows that Trump's protectionist policies will destroy American exports and thus, American jobs. That, in turn, will further destroy the American working class the very class that believes Trump will save them, their jobs, and their dignity from the evil, horrible, liberal Democrats that want to assassinate them. We wish these people knew how to look at this, but they don t. They're virtually killing themselves in their blindly staunch defense of Trump because they either can t, or won t, educate themselves. Education is for liberal elites anyway, so they shun it. Do we import more than we export? Yes. But imagine if some countries decided to stop accepting our products in retaliation for our not accepting theirs without a huge penalty attached. Our exports would fall off drastically, and thousands more Americans would lose their jobs, even with Trump's one-by-one coercion of companies looking to outsource. Seriously, Trump does not seem to understand any of this. We have a fucking president who doesn't get this and won't listen to the people who do because he thinks he's this amazing business genius and everyone else is just jealous, or something. He doesn't have to listen to anyone because he already knows everything, in other words. If he starts a trade war, which is what his trade policies would do should they actually be implemented, the working class he's claiming to protect will die an even more horribly painful death as countries retaliate against us for our unfair trade tactics. The global economy is far more complex than Trump and his idiotic, entitled, hypocritical, privileged, rich family and friends understand. We can't just implement protectionist policies, bring back those millions of lost manufacturing jobs, and give the world the finger. It does not work that way. It will never again work that way. Here's hoping that Congress can understand how he'll destroy us on trade and refuse to put it into action.

FN13/ISOT 4008/October 29, 2016
New York Magazine Confirms: Trump LITERALLY Only Cares About One Thing, And It's NOT Winning
With just ten days to go until the election, one would expect that Donald Trump and his campaign would be in a flurry of final pushes to win over undecided voters, and maybe, possibly a final push towards really reaching minorities. Instead, his campaign is just as screwed up now as it was when it launched, according to an in-depth look at the campaign courtesy of New York Magazine. Perhaps most damning is that Trump has more or less told his own campaign manager how he really feels about people, even his own followers: I got really mad at him the other day, Trump campaign manager Kellyanne Conway told me. He said, "I think we'll win, and if not, that's okay too. And I said, It's not okay! You can't say that! Your dry-cleaning bill is like the annual salaries of the people who came to your rallies, and they believe in you!" He shrugged off all his followers in that conversation, as well as Conway. While a ton of his followers are pretty disgusting people, they're still his followers, and he really ought to give half a damn about them. Honestly, though, why would a narcissist like Trump care about anyone? The biggest reason the campaign has failed to reach various sectors of the population is, in large part, because Trump thinks he can just do whatever he wants. But that's not all. It's actually to be expected that Trump wouldn't care about anyone but himself. However, he doesn't know what to do with all these followers. All he really knows how to do is keep them fired up in their righteous anger. In doing so, their blind devotion feeds his ego and helps keep him in the spotlight. And instead of listening to guidance from his advisers, he's increasingly using the campaign just to bolster his brands. His style, which bugged the hell out of his former manager, Paul Manafort, continues to bug the hell out the rest of his staff. The only exception might be Steve Bannon, who may have his own plans for all those supporters whom Trump is throwing under the bus. Some say that Trump can't handle actually taking advice, including Manafort's advice to keep a low profile and force the media to focus on Hillary: His ego couldn't handle it, said one Republican close to the campaign. Hillary understood that Trump needed to be the focus. As his poll numbers climbed, Trump felt he didn't need to listen to Manafort. The worst part about Trump is when he was ahead, the prominent Republican said. He d get into the lead and then he would veer off and start defending his interests and his honor and it had nothing to do with what people actually care about. He's not disciplined. And his ego is what fueled his feud with the Khans, who are a Gold Star family that lost their son in Iraq in 2004. That was all about his ego he didn't even know what a Gold Star family was before he decided the Khans were his enemy: The election is about the American people, it's not about you, Manafort told Trump, according to a person briefed on the conversation. Trump countered with Breitbart's report on Khan's purported belief in Sharia. He's not running for president, Manafort shot back. The Clintons did this to us to waste our time getting off message. And it worked it worked very well. Everything anyone has ever done in this campaign to get Trump off message and onto whatever just bruised his poor widdle ego again has worked. Trump might well be looking to the future but it's very likely not a future in the White House that he sees. There have been rumors floating around that he's using this campaign to start his own media company. His son-in-law, Jared Kushner, is busy compiling 14 million email addresses and credit card numbers of loyal Trumpkins, which New York Magazine speculates could form the basis of a new Trump media company. While Kushner denies all of this, a spokesman for a Republican who declined to be named told the magazine: Kushner has approached Wall Street bankers and pitched ideas for media start-ups. How do we monetize this? he's asked. (Through a spokesperson, Kushner denied having such meetings.) Whether it's his own media company, or promoting his own business interests and ego, or both, it's clearer now than ever that Trump doesn't care what happens to his followers, let alone whether or not he wins. He wants the spotlight. How he gets it is of no consequence, and what he does with it is of even less consequence. This could be good news for us because it could solidify Hillary's win, but it lays bare the sheer lack of character that exists within Trump.

FN14/ISOT 1919/April 2, 2017
WATCH: Trump's EPA Stooge Gets His A** Handed To Him By Fox Host On Climate Change
Donald Trump is fuming after Fox New Sunday host Chris Wallace crushed his Environmental Protection Agency minion on the topic of climate change. As we all know, Trump is a climate change denier who thinks the whole thing is a scam created by the Chinese. So, of course, Trump chose a fellow climate change denier as his EPA Secretary. Scott Pruitt is an Oklahoma Republican who denies science, and during an interview on Fox, he found himself having to defend his anti-science views. Apparently, he hoped the interview would be a softball affair. But Chris Wallace repeatedly challenged him. Wallace began by slamming Pruitt's flawed logic that getting rid of President Obama's clean power plan will somehow improve air quality. You think that rewriting and, in fact, doing away with the clean power plan is going to improve air quality, which you say is a major goal? Wallace asked. Pruitt responded by claiming that President Obama was a tyrant who ruled through executive orders instead of letting Congress make the law. It should be pointed out that Donald Trump has signed 23 executive orders and he hasn't even served 100 days yet. He is on pace to sign 118 executive orders in his first year alone. President Obama only signed 276 over the course of eight years and signed less executive orders than Bill Clinton, George W. Bush, and Ronald Reagan. following the rule of law. If anyone is ruling by executive fiat, it's Trump. Wallace then pointed out that Trump's deregulation of environmental protections has ceded the moral high ground to China in the fight against pollution and climate change. Pruitt didn't really give a damn. He said America has nothing to apologize for. We have nothing to be apologetic about with respect to the leadership we've show as a country, he claimed. Oh, but we do. Fighting climate change to save out planet will take international cooperation on a unprecedented scale. By withdrawing American leadership, Trump is sentencing the globe to disastrous climate change as if he thinks the United States is not part of the world and is somehow immune to what happens around us. Wallace proceeded to take on Pruitt's belief that humans are not responsible for climate change. Mr. Pruitt, there are all kinds of studies that contradict you, Wallace noted. The UN panel on climate change says it's 95 percent likely that at least half of the temperature increase since the mid-20th century is due to human activities. Mr. Pruitt, are we supposed to believe that's all a coincidence? In response, Pruitt contradicted his own claim that he and Trump are working to improve air quality by insisting that the EPA should not be able to regulate greenhouse gases such as methane and carbon dioxide. Wallace called Pruitt out an dropped the hammer on him. Sir, you're sugar coating what you have said. You said that you would not agree that carbon CO2 is a primary contributor to global warming. And the question I have is, what if you're wrong? What if, in fact, the Earth is warming, what if it is causing dramatic climate change and that we as humans through carbon emissions are contributing to it? Don't you think the fact that we have these coal power plants belching carbon emissions into the air, you don't think that plays a role? Pruitt answered by claiming that America burns coal cleanly, which is not true at all. There is no such thing as clean coal, and making such a claim is asinine. Here's the video via YouTube. According to Popular Mechanics, Coal will never be clean. It is possible to make coal emissions cleaner. In fact, we've come a long way since the 70s in finding ways to reduce sulfur dioxide and nitrogen-oxide emissions, and more progress can be made. But the nut of the clean-coal sales pitch is that we can also bottle up the CO2 produced when coal is burned, most likely by burying it deep in the earth. That may be possible in theory, but it's devilishly difficult in practice. President Obama's clean power plan would have reduced carbon emissions more than they ever have been before. It was a crucial step toward fighting climate change and reducing America's role in causing it. But Donald Trump and his minions have reversed that progress and they are making things even worse. They are gutting the Environmental Protection Agency and have pulled America out the fight against climate change. So instead of moving forward, Trump is taking America backwards and that decision will have devastating results that Trump will personally experience once his Mar-a-Lago resort is under water because of sea level rise. Maybe when his precious golf club and resort is under water he'll admit that climate change is real. But by then, it will be too late.

FN15/ISOT 5230/August 1, 2016
Top Bush Advisor Jumps From Sinking GOP Ship
Yet another highly respected conservative is jumping from the sinking GOP ship now that the captain is billionaire blowhard Donald Trump. Sally Bradshaw, a top adviser to Jeb Bush, announced on Monday that she is leaving the Republican Party, and furthermore, if the race is close in Florida she plans to cast her vote for Hillary Clinton. Bradshaw, who was a top advisor to Bush during his 2016 campaign, has now officially changed her registration to unaffiliated rather than Republican. In an email interview, she told CNN's Jamie Gangel that the GOP is at a crossroads and have nominated a total narcissist a misogynist a bigot. This is a time when country has to take priority over political parties. Donald Trump cannot be elected president, Bradshaw said. Bradshaw has a long history with the Bush family, having begun her career in 1988 working for George H.W. Bush's campaign. She has now joined the ranks of many other prominent Republicans who are staunchly refusing to jump on the Trump Train. Bradshaw said: This election cycle is a test. As much as I don't want another four years of (President Barack) Obama's policies, I can't look my children in the eye and tell them I voted for Donald Trump. I can't tell them to love their neighbor and treat others the way they wanted to be treated, and then vote for Donald Trump. I won't do it. Her departure comes on the heels of Trump's revolting comments about the parents of a Muslim-American soldier who sacrificed his life in Iraq while fighting for the United States military. Bradshaw said his remarks were revolting and made me sick to my stomach. She continued: Donald Trump belittled a woman who gave birth to a son who died fighting for the United States. If anything, that reinforced my decision to become an independent voter. Every family who loses a loved one in service to our country or who has a family member who serves in the military should be honored, regardless of their political views. Vets and their family have more than earned the right to those views. Someone with the temperament to be president would understand and respect that. Bradshaw said Trump's most recent comment was the proverbial straw that broke the camel's back, however, leaving the GOP is something she had been contemplating for awhile. I've been considering the switch for months. Ultimately, I could not abide the hateful rhetoric of Donald Trump and his complete lack of principles and conservative philosophy. I didn't make this decision lightly I have worked hard to make our party a place where all would feel welcome. But Trump has taken the GOP in another direction, and too many Republicans are standing by and looking the other way. She served as Jeb Bush's campaign manager both times he ran for governor of Florida. She said she hasn't made up her mind who she plans to vote for, but it obviously won't be Trump. I haven't made a decision yet between Clinton, Gary Johnson or writing in a candidate. If the race in Florida is close, I will vote for Hillary Clinton. That is a very difficult statement for me to make. I disagree with her on several important issues. I have worked to elect Republicans to national and statewide offices for the last 30 years. I have never voted for a Democrat for president, and I consider myself a conservative, a supporter of limited government, gun rights, free enterprise, equality of opportunity. I am pro-life. There are no other candidates who were serious contenders for the nomination that I would not have supported. Bradley faults Trump's presidential competitors for not coming out strong enough against him earlier in the campaign season. I really fault the candidates who did not speak out against Trump until the end of the primary cycle. Lindsay Graham and Jeb Bush spoke out early and consistently but most did not, fearful of offending that segment of the party or positioning themselves for future office. Bradshaw insists that it is the only real choice for reasonable, thoughtful Republicans to make. Our president must represent what is good about America a belief in opportunity for all regardless of race and gender and background to rise up and live the American dream. A president can't tear down Hispanics, or mock someone who is disabled, or use symbols in campaign literature that Jewish voters understandably find offensive. To continue to be the hope of the world, all Americans regardless of party affiliation have to reject him. She added: If and when the party regains its sanity, I'll be ready to return. But until Republicans send a message to party leadership that this cannot stand, nothing will ever change. Truer words were never spoken. The GOP is no longer the party of conservatism. It is the party of Trumpism.

FN16/ISOT 8182/February 11, 2016
Obama Has Something To Say To The Racists Who Didn't Vote For Him Because He Was Black
President Obama is nearing the end of his time in office and he's taking stock of everything that has happened since his first election including a very special message to the people who refused to vote for him based solely on the color of his skin. Back in Illinois to celebrate the ninth anniversary of his entry into national politics, Obama sat down for fascinating interview with Christi Parsons, along with several of Obama's former political mentors. As usual, the President was adamant that the only way forward for America is to end the kind of political partisanship that hampers any progress. Nobody knows this better than he does. The challenges Obama faced as president often came not from natural disasters, hostile enemies, or unforeseen economic setbacks, but simple sabotage from lawmakers who were hoping to score a few cheap political points at the expense of America. This was, after all, the president who dealt with a Congress whose senate leader claimed early into Obama's first term that his number one objective was ensuring Obama lost his next election. But while Obama was characteristically optimistic that America could be better than the ugliness he had seen, it was when the conversation turned to racism that he really delivered the knockout punch. The group was skeptical of whether Obama was the victim of merely partisan bickering or if there was another factor going on. I think they were afraid of you, more so than anybody else. It's one thing like with George Bush or anybody else, they may think, well, we might suffer through him for two years or two terms, but I think they were actually afraid of you. They were afraid of you for a couple of reasons. Number one, you were black. And I talk to my Republican friends and I've got a lot of them and that's all they could ever talk about, was the race card, the race. You know, he's a nice guy, he's this, he's that, but he's black. Well, get over it. For anyone who has been paying any attention to the way Obama has been treated during his time in office, this should be a familiar story. It's no coincidence that this president is the only one in history to have to deal with years of serious reporters on respected news networks like Fox (fair and balanced, remember?) suggesting that he might not be from the United States. It's no coincidence that Obama is often depicted at Tea Party rallies in highly racist iconography. Sadly, it may be the 21st century but many Americans still have a HUGE hang up about race. Obama seems aware of all of this, but he turns the tables on the depressing narrative in a brilliant way. Look, I've always said this, that I have no doubt that there are people who voted against me because of race, or didn't approve of my agenda because of race. I also suspect there were a bunch of people who were excited and voted for me, or I got political benefits because of the notion of the first African American President. So those things cut both ways. I think that a lot of proof that we are a lot further along than we were is I got reelected. So it would be one thing if the first time that it was just an accident. The second time, I won again. And each time I got more votes in consecutive terms. So despite the racism facing him, Obama really has proven just how far America has come. During his first election, nobody knew whether an African-American could successfully be elected. He was. The second election, an unquestionable trouncing of Whitest Guy On Earth Mitt Romney, just proved that things had only gotten better. Obama concludes: So although there's no doubt that there are pockets of the country where some dog whistles blow and there's underlying racial fears that may be exploited, overall, what's more the case I think is just the straight, hardball politics of running against an incumbent and beating the heck out of them and softening them up. Because if a whole bunch of stuff gets done, he's going to get the credit. In other words, after his first election Obama knew that it was time to put up or shut up. The best way to combat the racial fears and dog whistles was to succeed. It's clear that this strategy has been vindicated. Racism is by no means dead, but Obama's presidency will be defined not in black and white terms, but from a long list of victories and accomplishments. No doubt this is rage-inducing for the most racist Americans who had hoped to see the first black president fail. Instead, he proved them wrong and hastened their inevitable extinction. Not bad, Mr. President.
