GFN1
Analysis: The downfall of a witness
SPECIAL REPORT
STANLEY MUELLER
The man leading the Justice Department’s investigation into the presidential campaign of Donald Trump said “multiple” statements he had made regarding the missing Russian emails, its hacking, links to the Trump campaign and ties to Moscow were being contradicted by the Trump campaign itself. He added that he needed to be able to consult people close to the president to find out “where things are coming from.”
Brendan Buck, a spokesman for Mr Trump, declined to comment when asked whether Mr Comey had lied, calling the president’s overall response “not unexpected”. The White House also steered clear of appearing to contradict Mr Comey’s reports. “The president is not going to respond to every denigration of the president or every inaccuracy that he hears on television,” Mr Trump’s press secretary, Sean Spicer, said.
Brendan Buck: From shocking to dangerous, defining the Russian fiasco clearly is hard
Mr Comey’s frustration at his inability to “teach him a lesson”, described at the end of his Senate testimony, was understandable, but excessive, some on Capitol Hill have said. Under questioning he declined to reveal whether Mr Trump asked him to shut down an investigation into the former national security adviser, Michael Flynn, but said there was only one person in the Oval Office who could have told him to do so.
Lawmakers and Washington insiders praised Mr Comey’s role in uncovering and exposing Russia’s cyberattacks during the presidential election. But few did the same for his handling of the Clinton email investigation and the controversy swirling around Mr Trump’s firing of him. They were “totally unfair”, said Senator Lindsey Graham, a South Carolina Republican.

GFN2
The inside view on Donald Trump’s economic plan from the mad man himself
Hume says his source was “anonymous” but added: “If it’s not the President himself, if it’s someone close to him, then my guess is that the source is likely Trump himself.”
For four years Donald Trump could not have seemed more unwilling to reveal his cards on the economy, which he promised to revitalise as the candidate came from nowhere to become the presumptive Republican nominee. In particular, his opponents must surely have had the impression that everything was now on hold – political gambits, let alone a plan, were reserved only for the campaign trail.
So when The Washington Post and NBC News published at the start of this month the testimonies of anonymous White House aides to the New York Times on their private advice to Mr Trump on how to better handle the economy, it was a serious surprise.
They think that, if Mr Trump wins the presidency, he may not hold to his promises. He has described himself as a great builder, but “I don’t know if I’d build a wall around the entire country”, said Mike Pence, his vice-presidential nominee, before the election. In fact, one of the White House aides to whom The Times attributed its story, Jonathan Gray, said, “Building is not the real way the Trump plan is going to work.”
Mr Trump’s camp says his real plan is the Washington outsider. “If you want to be a builder, that’s great,” said Mr Trump’s campaign manager, Kellyanne Conway, before the election. “But I think that what we do at this point is concentrate on government.”
That is a common view, but never has one person spoken so plainly. “I don’t know if I’d build a wall around the entire country”, Donald Trump said. “I’m not taking my energy from building walls.” He believes the approach of America’s past two presidents – both of whom benefited from the lowest interest rates in living memory – is “economically stupid”. And he also believes that low interest rates have made people who can least afford it borrow and buy more houses. This has inflated house prices. “I know a lot of people who own six-foot-wide houses, and they have to hire a maid and a driver just to scrape by and live in those houses,” he said, adding: “That will work one day.”
The article by Mr Gray and another anonymous White House aide, Andrew Dowling, said that the President’s focus is on deregulating business and slashing taxes.
Mr Gray said: “If the economy takes off, they’re going to get the opportunity to borrow more money at lower rates and buy infrastructure and grow faster. At the end of the day, that’s really their trade off.”
Both pieces seem to reject the thought that the President-elect wants to change the economy, just as he promised to in his campaign. And what can Mr Trump do to change it? He said during the election that he would assemble an advisory committee to help him make decisions on an Economic Council. There are already questions as to who will sit on that council.
Mr Gray did concede that: “If you could give us just a tiny bit of guidance as to what the White House would want to focus on, then we could certainly help them take their jobs a little more seriously and begin to enact the changes they want to see.”
Others, however, recognise that the economy will be fixed not by Mr Trump but by Congress.
Scott Pruitt, the Oklahoma attorney-general who served as Chairman of the Republican National Committee for four years, has just won a key promotion to head the Environmental Protection Agency. His main task will be to place in place the coal-friendly policies of his former boss, former Republican President George W. Bush.
Nevertheless, the appointment is a sign that the Trump administration may not be so sure of itself. With unemployment still low and wages rising, only the middle class is growing, by a modest 1.7%. “Business, the sector that historically leads the way out of recessions, is not ready to invest unless there’s a large base of citizens with jobs,” said Ben Bernanke, former Chairman of the Federal Reserve, in a speech on April 13th.
Budget deficits remain a concern. “As the economy strengthens, debt as a share of GDP will likely remain elevated,” said a report by the Centre for Economics and Business Research

GFN3
The Republicans are leaving a deficit for Democrats to fill
One in six Americans will be laid off this year. A near-maximum supply of affordable housing is going up at an average rate of 0.6% a year, all while demand for affordable housing keeps climbing because of growing wages, rising poverty rates, and a surge in job opportunities.
An estimated 14 million Americans will return to school this fall, more than ever before, according to the US Department of Education. And in the past year, the Bureau of Labor Statistics has released reports showing that part-time jobs grew more than full-time ones, long-term unemployment has declined, and the number of jobs available has risen by 2.2 million.
Unless the federal government intervenes, the ranks of the U.S. working poor, those who live on less than $11,000 a year, will grow to 34 million, which is a higher number than we saw in the depths of the Great Recession in 2009.
These data point to the reason why, in 2016, only 1.3 million people voted for Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton, even though 49% of voters who earn less than $50,000 annually voted for her, suggesting that millennials and minorities did not give her their support.
The prevailing narrative for Democrats has been to blame President Donald Trump, who in his campaign released blatantly racist, misogynistic, and anti-immigrant statements that appeared to play into every stereotype about the Republican Party that liberals have with them. Yet as the years roll by, the evidence that proves the effectiveness of policies that benefit millions of Americans has mounted, and it is because of policies President Trump and Congress have opposed.
Some of these policies include former President Barack Obama’s Affordable Care Act, expanding the number of insurance options for health care to all Americans, and the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017, which slashed taxes for corporations but raised them for the wealthiest Americans.
These efforts to fight income inequality and address a pandemic of poverty are improving on what President Ronald Reagan began in the 1980s. One in four U.S. public schools is now underperforming or receiving failing grades, a 16% increase from 2010. Congress has allocated $4.8 billion in the 2017 budget to provide school funding for poor children, while Trump has proposed cuts in school spending of more than $8 billion, equal to what he wants to spend on Trump-branded suits this year.
Initiatives to create jobs have had mixed results. The National Journal reported in 2016 that about 300,000 Americans had been hired under the Obama administration’s Plan to Promote Job Growth by Investing in America, commonly known as the American Jobs Act. This alone is a 15% increase from the final year of the Obama administration. But it turns out that, while the increase in jobs may be around the same rate as the previous year, the number of workers hired are often much smaller than the number of jobs created in prior years.
Republicans are missing one of the largest opportunities that lies ahead. The election of Donald Trump in 2016 is part of a long and ongoing political trend that was going on in the U.S. when Barack Obama took office in 2009.
Republicans controlled both houses of Congress at the time, the presidency, and the state governorships and state legislatures at the beginning of this decade. But they did not manage to deliver on policy after policy.
Today Republicans are in control of every major branch of government, including both houses of Congress, the White House, and every statehouse and state legislature in the U.S. They control every congressional committee, two-thirds of the House of Representatives, and 25 of 30 state legislative chambers.
If they fail to pass tax reform that will, for the first time in a decade, provide tax cuts for families that earn over $75,000 a year, they will have left a huge hole in the budgets of state governments.
As incomes stagnate and poverty rises, Democrats must be proactive in taking the advantage to make the kind of legislative gains needed to expand the middle class and limit the long-term damage caused by inequality.
That means working with Republicans to expand and continue to implement programs like job programs, local economic development, and infrastructure investment. It also means changing how Congress views and treats the working poor.
The Senate provides Democrats with 60 votes, which allows them to block all bills until the president calls a rare session of Congress. While the Dems have already prevented Trump from promoting any legislation since January 2017, they could play a critical role blocking Trump’s nominees at the federal and state levels.
In an effort to force a government shutdown, Republicans have made tax reform a litmus test that divides Republicans and insists that a few rich people with large estates pay even lower taxes.
When Congress finally votes to renew a key federal program that funds health insurance for millions of low-income people, the

GFN4
Man working double shifts dies in kitchen with meat "DishPants" on
On March 27, Ohio resident Carlos Moreno Ramos woke up on the wrong side of the bed and discovered he was dead. Upon reviewing his timecard from the meat processing facility he worked at, the manager of his department noted he had been absent for an undetermined amount of time. "What are you talking about, man?" Ramos allegedly responded. "Not even an hour." But, that's what the plant owner and the co-worker told police, even though Ramos' body was found on March 29 with his work "DishPants" on.
"My employee came in covered in his own blood, very bloody," a co-worker who requested anonymity claimed. "He said he 'came in' from the old meat-processing section. The co-worker he was with said, 'I can't believe he stayed this long in the kitchen. He's a good man. I don't know where he went.'"
According to a lawsuit filed against Cargill and its subsidiary, 1,536-square-foot facility in Ashtabula, Ohio, "Man" was an employee of the company for more than a year, who had worked double shifts on eight different shifts. According to the suit, which claims that Cargill hires only "US citizens and legal residents" and "Safeguards the health, safety and security of its employees," "Man" had begun sleeping in the kitchen instead of at the meter-lockers located in the kitchen where other employees would retrieve their mail. "Our overall officewide standards, including accepting payment without identification, are strictly enforced," spokesman Mike Martin wrote in an email to AP on April 13.
The suit alleges that "Man" — a 15-year-old weighing 100 pounds — was already "subjected to barbaric working conditions", such as having to crawl through the hot furnace for the 40 minutes it took to wash his hands, before coming to work in the kitchen. According to the lawsuit, workers at the plant are often required to cut up beef by hand, without protective head gear, at speeds up to 45 degrees Fahrenheit without breaks. Some, like "Man," have difficulty chewing or using utensils properly.
"Man" made $13.25 an hour, the suit claims, but he claimed he was paid $9.75 an hour, a figure that the lawsuit says can only be supported by "management's misleading statements."
According to the suit, in addition to working long hours, "Man" was short on cash at certain times of the day, and he was told he would have to be on his "A Game" to get what he needed. "Man" managed, the suit says, even after being told that he would not be allowed to take home a minimum $100 paycheck, and that he would have to pay for a burrito delivery as a "gift". The company has yet to comment on the suit.
The Ashtabula County Coroner initially declared that "Man" had died of natural causes, but later changed his findings when a pathologist provided a more complete death certificate. He was reportedly found lying "in a blood pool" with a "deep cut on the back of his head."
© Copyright (c) 2018 News World Communications, Inc.
You May Also Be Interested In These Stories

GFN5
GOP strategist Julie Roginsky casts a vote for Hillary Clinton
Republican strategist Julie Roginsky, who’s best known for her firm, Roginsky & Associates, has declared that she’s broken with the party.
The 44-year-old has decided to cast her vote for Democratic presidential frontrunner, Hillary Clinton, in the upcoming presidential election.
Roginsky, who until today has spent 12 years working for Republicans, backed Clinton because she wants to see the former first lady and secretary of state’s “best and final” set of policies implemented.
Her announcement:
I’ve always voted for candidates based on their positions and the person behind those policies. Obviously, I’m concerned about the direction of our country, the economy, health care, education, international affairs. And no one knows better than Hillary Clinton what it will take to get us out of these current economic and social situations we’re in.
In addition to Bill Clinton’s presidency, I also voted for Paul Tsongas, Bob Dole, George H.W. Bush, John McCain, and even President Obama. However, the party was not my priority, and I always have treated each nominee with respect and the best policy advice I could give them. This time, I will. I have been an activist, and a partisan activist in politics since I was 19 years old, and this is a fundamental change for me. I believe that we should vote for the person who best meets our needs. There is a lot of work to be done in our nation, and I feel that we’re in the beginning stages of a strong recovery and that just the right candidate is needed to finish the job.
This is a major shift for Roginsky who’s long been associated with Republicans. For many years, Roginsky was a key player in GOP firm, Roginsky & Associates, that helps Republicans retain political power in Washington. Her work on Capitol Hill is credited with helping Reagan beat Walter Mondale and boosting George W. Bush to the White House. But there is at least one other interesting story Roginsky has to share regarding her Republican ties. As we previously reported, Roginsky was romantically linked to Republican Senator Jeff Flake.
A number of Republicans— including Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez—recently urged women to give a vote to Senator Clinton, revealing their views on a possible first female President of the United States.

GFN6
We explain that three big lies Ted Cruz keeps spouting
Since Ted Cruz officially announced that he's running for President of the United States, he's been right on par with Marco Rubio, and Jeremy Shukart has kicked him out of the socialist wrestling championship. CNN's hit piece targeting the Texas senator will make any standard hackopornist cringe with horror. This is a truly disgusting review to where Ted has seemingly moved from a true public servant to a kingpin shill. Don't expect his adoring fans to know that most of the time, though.
We, not one of his supporters, will spoil a rotten comedy roast and explain the three biggest lie that Ted spews, and how they each disprove the Cruz claim of being running for the little guy. That's why you aren't seeing an endorsement from Ted or his campaign. And you won't. Nowhere on CNN did this bromide of Rich Lowry's claim that Ted Cruz is not anti-woman on display. We'll let you read the entire piece, though.
A one word answer was supplied by Ted. In that one word answer, Ted answers four questions in one sentence.
Lincoln Chafee: Where's the proof? Lincoln Chafee is the best thing to happen to Republican politics since Florida went purple. If a draft effort took place to put Republican Evan McMullin on the ballot as Ted Cruz, it would not help. Richard Mourdock defeated Dan Coats twice because people didn't understand just how unelectable Richard Mourdock was. And on and on. And on. And so it is that every time that someone mentions Ted Cruz, there's a whisper of recognition in the viewer's ear about the alleged anti-woman values the guy holds. This needs to stop.
Cruz: One of the oddest spectacles in modern American political history was seen on the political convention floor in 2000. A horde of young Republicans attending a GOP convention in Arizona were bitten by a chimp or African elephant or whatever animal this shit was. This was the beginning of the weird Republican party I described in 2011. Richard Mourdock and Ted Cruz are most like the Republican party of 2000 in substance. The token challenger to Rudy Giuliani lasted only five days in the Senate before he became just another little homophobic fringe guy. And of course, there's this whole GOP plan to turn abortion into a point of subservience and bring back sentences like this one to draw voter ire: "It is a vote of conscience and cast in the most solemn way possible." Please note this is the same thing James Dobson said about Roe v. Wade, and that former President George W. Bush just ratified it. It's the same thing Rick Santorum said about everything. It's an interesting thing for Republicans to keep on talking about abortion, and a sad thing for the nation to have forgotten the meaning of their victory in 2000. All the clues about Ted Cruz are there. This is bad for the country, and very dangerous for future GOP presidential candidates.
We think Ted Cruz better know better.
We firmly believe he knows better.

GFN7
OBAMA AND THE MINIMUM WAGE: Fact Check
President Barack Obama held a symbolic ceremony on Thursday at the federal minimum wage from the U.S. Civil Rights Act of 1964. During his remarks on the events in that law, Obama argued that part of the cost for the minimum wage was lost productivity.
“If we do not make progress on economic fairness, our country will crumble,” the president said.
Despite Obama’s drive to push Congress to raise the minimum wage, the minimum wage remains a stubborn problem in American economic life, with low pay affecting the working class.
A chart from the left-leaning Economic Policy Institute, based on analysis from the Bureau of Labor Statistics, shows how 13.6 million Americans make less than $15 an hour – far short of the president’s reference of $10.10 an hour. The salary in the chart comes from the Bureau of Labor Statistics on “full-time equivalent” work. It does not include many gig jobs.
Fox Business Network, CNBC and Fox News have sometimes presented a grim picture of the minimum wage and basic economic instability.
“The minimum wage is nothing more than a tax on the poor,” Greg Palkot, host of Fox Business Network’s financial market network, said in March 2013. “Every time you give an employer a handout with a sub-minimum wage it’s money taken away from someone who could be employed.”
At the time, Palkot continued, “[B]ut unfortunately I think Republicans aren’t willing to recognize that, the majority of them aren’t willing to do that.
Fox Business Network business news anchor Gerri Willis echoed a similar view in 2012, arguing that workers had better jobs with private companies who would make money for the companies, but still were “irresponsible and ignorant of the plight of the little guy.”
Here’s a segment from Fox Business News from 2015, in which the host of Fox Business Network’s special economic program, Market Day with Stuart Varney, Oliver Darcy and Lee Foreman have a forum on the minimum wage. Watch.
“So I might be the odd man out on this, but I don’t think the minimum wage needs to be raised,” Bank of America/Merrill Lynch chief U.S. economist Merrill M. Miller said. “Because once you have to raise the wage, you raise the bar so high that a large number of people will be no longer able to get work.”
Miller pointed to a study from Labor Economics professor Robert J. Johnson, who argued that a minimum wage “would send an unintended signal to other workers that their hours may be on the decline and that even though their productivity is increasing, they must remain at a lower wage level.”
“Rather than stimulating demand,” Miller said, “any increase in the minimum wage will likely dampen demand.”
Willa O’Connor contributed to this report.

GFN8
Birders declare war on terrorism
The Bird Lady from Cascadia
Portland, OR—In a show of support for the community of Rafter Haven, Oregon, and their settlement threatened by an Islamist-identified terrorist, 40 million birders (the Bird Lady from Cascadia among them) declared war on terrorists from Salafist terrorism today. “I’m prepared to say goodbye to all of my fluttering friends unless these terrorists answer this request,” she said.
The birders gathered in front of the Bird Watcher’s Center on Ashland’s Goose Hollow Road at 4 p.m. to flutter their droppings toward 3 to 4 feet away from a general area of Rafter Haven. Afterwards, the birders were invited to a pig roast where they could shout and act stupid for an hour and a half. Proceeds of the pig roast will go toward paying the ransom the birders deem to be necessary for the return of their birds, tailed by the Bird Lady, who is on her second of three spring visits to Rafter Haven.
“Let the pigeons feast on the creepy neo-Nazis,” the Bird Lady said. “Yes, I am fascist. No, I am not gay. I do not have jobs. I do not represent the rich. I am an anarchist. I am the bird.”
She continued: “Don’t ask me what is happening, because it is not happening. If the terrorists answer my question by any means other than jihad to obtain her birds, I will return the animals to them. I am prepared to have a Red Cross crane rescue them. But if I must, I will also give the terrorists a scheduled spring lecture on why I prefer birds. Or perhaps I will escort them to a bird safari to view what I believe are endangered bird species. I will also board my own open-top biplane over Rafter Haven so that my tourists have the sensation of flying upside down over the World’s End. In fact, I will launch my biplane directly at Rafter Haven, just to show that I will do anything possible to prevent the terrorists from forcing me to give my birds away, no matter what those terrorists say, because I am sure that the terrorists are really monsters.”
Rearview Cameras captured the Bird Lady proclaiming her intent to pilot the biplane directly at Rafter Haven, setting the crowd on edge, and promising to force the terrorists out from behind the trees. When the terrorist appeared, the Bird Lady simply thanked him for offering the birders his statement of protection, and then zoomed away, back to her pellet board.
According to several witnesses, the Bird Lady flew and flew and then flew again, and one of the witnesses took a video of the Bird Lady flying in place, wearing a mask. The Bird Lady didn’t even stop to check if the hatchery birds were coming. After a minute, the Bird Lady again zoomed away. The Bird Lady landed at a home, then tried to lay down on the hood of a car, but the Bird Lady was too afraid to deal with the criminal gang, and it was not until she reached the Bird Lady’s front porch that she made it out of the house and began swinging at doorsteps with her pellet board. At the Bird Lady’s encouragement, the Bird Lady’s son jumped on his pellet board and chased after the Bird Lady’s pellet board, back outside into the crowded lane of traffic, throwing eggshells at the Bird Lady’s pellet board. It was here that the Bird Lady found out that people were actually trying to help her.
In the end, the Bird Lady drove off with her pellet board, chanting: “F*** you, terrorists!” (** Odd and turgid view**)

GFN9
A daring news site threatens to make the election results all about noise and fury
JULY 2017: WELL, GEE, SOMEONE’S MOM. YET ANOTHER EXCLUSIVE: She’s Ann Coulter. In this day of angry president tweeting, this conservative commentator is topping the leaderboard, and something funny has happened here. Coulter is calling for a Muslim boycott of Washington. (What’s the big deal? Trump’s so impatient that he doesn’t even bother reading his own tweets these days). But two days later, when GZ Servant, a self-styled New Jersey-based quasi-alt-right newsletter, celebrates its 400th subscriber and has the best online party since “the Boston Tea Party”.
GZ Servant’s ranks are now full of well-informed journalists, porn-star fans, Zionists, frackers, uneducated moderates, southerners and anti-Trumpists. (Of the latter, few write: there’s a 31-year-old straight white woman living in Kentucky who called Trump “the best president ever” but is afraid to share her Facebook post with anyone.) In the May issue-out-till-September 2018 edition, the subtopics included Muslim immigration, the “rape of America”, and the need for a “cultural cleansing”.
The national media are keenly following GZ Servant’s social-media accounts. From their anxiety to its site to its Christmas party, it’s easy to make the leap that a “real time” news site similar to GZ Servant will triumph on election day. The right knows it and the left knows it.
And the best-known squaddie in politics right now? Michael Cohen, Donald Trump’s former lawyer and bodyguard. And his story got a lot worse last week, when he reportedly gave details of Trump’s various hush payments and then vanished. It was (allegedly) “inside” the White House.
HOT ON HIS SLEEPERS
Most journalists have checked out the troublemaking republicans and found it hot on its sleeper-gunners—like GZ Servant. The newsletter and its content are being mocked by many on the left. The sketch shows smug celebrity visitors like Bezos to his mausoleum, surrounded by the white-gloved hands of the “spiritually tight-fisted white community”. “That’s right, Michael Cohen is here!” they say, not just to mediate the President’s harem but also to cover their ass. So what are the New Yorkers to make of Coulter, her more lightweight sidekick and the A-list visitors to GZ Servant’s party?
Take Ann Coulter. If the 2017 Winter Solstice is when the world’s harshest winter finally ended, that year’s enduring campaign of hate, against liberal politicians and feminists and Mexicans, would seem to have peaked. But it hasn’t, not yet. Last week the conservative defence journal The National Interest touted Coulter’s past examples of “mean-spiritedness”. But the book she wrote, In Trump We Trust, was big news last spring, making her a very visible member of the new round of House Trump haters. She remains much more visible and thoughtful.
So who’s it really about? It’s the hope that the blog and party will suck up all the oxygen in the room on November 6th and render the Democrats’ battle for a competitive House caucus relatively superfluous. That may well happen. But the first lap of the GZ Servant years could take time. Long live the muzzle, after all.

GFN10
High School Start Caving To Trump
High School Start Caving To Trump — Will Punish Athletes Who Won’t Stand For National Anthem
By Kristina Johnson
Public high schools are often considered to be the bastions of counter-cultural progressive thought, especially in the United States. Students who adhere to or support specific political beliefs are set apart from other students by virtue of their surroundings. And yet, with the presidential election over and the climate of political debate reemerging, many schools are moving to revise their dress code policies, away from pushing progressive thought, towards a much more conservative, and reactionary, ideology. As a result, many schools are explicitly banning student displays of dissent, whether they are words, action, or simply headgear—like the hats worn by high school students during the national anthem.
New York state’s Nassau County is more progressive in its view of political expression, and is very sensitive to the types of demonstrations that students may undertake on school property. Most major high schools in the county have adopted rules that require student body members to salute the American flag after 15 minutes of public applause. The rules clearly dictate that headgear—such as the hats popularized by the owners of sports franchises—is not permitted, and must therefore be removed from students. However, it seems as though as the discourse of political participation has resurfaced, some schools are increasingly leaning more toward the same conservative, exclusionary approach.
Seventeen of Nassau County’s public high schools have implemented sanctions against students who have violated the 15-minute flag salute rule. Most punitive penalties target athletes who refuse to stand for the national anthem, even if they are not fans of the team they represent. They do not necessarily state that they are invoking the national anthem as a protest in any way, but are more likely to simply suggest that it is disrespectful. According to The N.Y. Daily News, thousands of students at these schools have been sent warnings on how and when to stand for the national anthem at sporting events.
The changes in dress codes come from another need to do what the government tells us to do, which most of us do in general. The authorities tend to think that, if they tell you what to do, your behavior will remain consistent. But the tide is changing on what we call “normalization” or “normalization behavior” in today’s culture.
The liberal ideal of students being able to join or break different political affiliations on their own is beginning to give way to what most would consider more limited, formal arrangements. Take certain clothing, such as hats, which are traditionally associated with white or conservative schools and logos. Traditionally, students of many diverse backgrounds have worn hats in solidarity with the colors of their respective favorite teams. This was made easy when, as the war became more and more synonymous with the country at large, many college students—and, of course, pro athletes—opted to sport some form of patriotic appearance. The brand caps popularized by the sports team owners in the sports industry helped to make hat-wearing a standard school activity. And while many students are free to wear whatever they want, in some areas of the country now, getting the hat may result in very serious consequences.
This does not mean that hats are banned from high schools. In fact, many students and school officials do wear hats, because they are from a set of special classes or horticultural or religious groups. There are rumors of hat bans from schools in Tennessee, Texas, and Minnesota. In these areas, there seems to be an older, conservative, more religious body that would not like their school values to be at odds with anything outside of traditional government structure. Thus, schools have now often expressed concern about hat-wearing generally, not just in these individual schools.
There is definitely room for refinement here. Student assemblies should not explicitly forbid people from donning hats—such restrictions would effectively ban all political expression altogether.
Another major overhaul would need to come to the North Carolina legislation that requires students to stand for the national anthem before sporting events. This is not the best policy to enforce for multiple reasons. First, the policy is only allowed to target those high school students who are involved in athletics, who are often students who tend to gather together to focus on what is going on, and are subject to a very small range of circumstances that would lead to the signal being misconstrued. Additionally, the majority of high school students who are participating in athletics are of the same race. Secondly, though on the surface it may seem as though the student body is not representative of the population, what is held against them is not a visible display of allegiance to a team or supporting an individual.
For the sake of all Americans who do not like the legitimacy of flag-waving, here are some suggestions for getting involved

GFN11
Editorial: Fear of the 'King' as a president
UNREASONABLE: The host claimed Trump's tweet showed a level of hate rarely matched by a president, and warned his fans not to fall for it.
• Warning: The video includes strong language
• WATCH: CNN HOST Makes Claim President Trump Is 'Race Baiting' UCLA Player's
CNN anchor Jake Tapper on April 15, charged that President Trump, by tweeting a photo of UCLA basketball player LiAngelo Ball with sunglasses on, was “race baiting” the player after Ball was accused of shoplifting during the team’s trip to China last month.
“It was a really vile tweet. And it was a mean tweet. It was a race baiting tweet. I don’t think we’ve seen any other president say, "Hey, listen, you may have stolen some stuff, but thanks for coming on the trip, you understand, you didn’t mean it. Come back in the country." ”
Tapper, host of “The Lead,” said Trump’s tweet had reminded viewers what President Trump brings to politics, which is “superficiality.”
“It’s been great to have somebody that can cut to the chase. And look at where we are right now in Washington. Nobody can cut to the chase. And that’s why we are at this disorganized moment.”
RELATED: Trump Has a Right to Defend Himself from LiAngelo Ball
A three-star school and one-time top prospect, Ball, along with his brothers, Cody and Lonzo, were part of a high-profile group of high school players who were scheduled to attend UCLA this summer on two-year scholarships.
The players were accused of shoplifting in China in early November. As the three returned to America a statement was issued saying that they would not play for the team because “due to uncertainties regarding the legal situation involving team members.” UCLA continued with their season and the suspensions of Ball, Cody and Lonzo were lifted.
“I will not back down when a dictator or a dictator’s son, or son-in-law or daughter, or some other son or daughter in authority shows no regard for international law or the rule of law,” Trump said in an interview with Fox News in February.
Tapper said Trump was saying the three players, whom he referred to as “white, rich basketball players,” should be deported and not allowed to play college ball because they don’t respect “the emperor in Beijing.”
“You know, that's just disgraceful.”
Tapper said the tweet was nothing more than another example of racism brought by a president who brings up previous cases of perceived or real racism in order to shore up public support. He said “everything that Trump, in this administration, does is about tearing down more people, furthering his brand, and more specifically, using race to further his brand.”
RELATED: Trump's 'Globalist' and 'Sacred War' Jabs at China Stir Troubling Consequences
“He’s using this administration to fuel racial prejudices, and he’s using it to ensure that no matter what it takes — he finds a way — race baiting has the potential to make the president more popular,” Tapper said.
“He's always got a race card to play. I think Trump is a master race-baiter. He’s a master race-baiter and that’s a real charge he makes against people all the time, including me.”
Later in the show, CNN host Alisyn Camerota pointed out the tweet was from Trump, not White House press secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders, and said she didn’t think that this was “really hate speech.”
“It was a very ugly post, but the fact of the matter is, he’s the President of the United States,” Camerota said. “And frankly, if you are a White House press secretary or somebody who works for the President of the United States, you want to live in this kind of environment where you can attack the opposition and push your own agenda without getting caught.”

GFN12
A new definition of lying: By the way
Is Donald Trump simply being Trump? With his endless bombast, he's not likely. Is Trump a liar? The answer is probably. But it's not that simple, as the Associated Press has just discovered in a riveting, thoroughly researched, perfectly timed investigation.
It seems, for starters, that Trump has been lying about his plans to provide health care for working-class Americans.
THE FAKE NEWS MEDIA (NYT, WaPo, CNN, ABC, NBC, CBS) is working so hard on the Trump administration that, all of a sudden, they have nothing better to do. Sad! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) December 8, 2016
Trump, who has said repeatedly that his administration would seek to repeal and replace "Obamacare," recently announced that, rather than reorganizing those programs and passing legislation, he would cancel the existing programs and suspend coverage for millions of Americans. Trump also told the Times that he wanted to reduce the high cost of health care for the average American by withdrawing from the Trans-Pacific Partnership, defunding Planned Parenthood, and taxing imports from foreign nations.
The president had in the past not exactly been a great ally of working-class people. Trump said in January that he would not consider even a whisper of voter fraud in his district, prompting an investigation by the Justice Department.
Trump on Friday had tweeted: "Lyin' Ted Cruz falsely claims I want to pay for his healthcare. Am I now allowed to pay for his & Hillary's healthcare too?"
But those tweets might now be a lie, too. Here's some more proof:
(1) Trump and his administration are looking to cancel the payment of subsidies to insurers. Such subsidies, which in this case are known as cost-sharing reduction payments, are financed to reduce costs for low-income people and reduce deductibles and co-pays. For example, through the Affordable Care Act, 9 million Americans currently receive lower-cost and higher-quality healthcare. Trump himself had previously made those payments. His aides have also questioned the quality of the healthcare and said that cutting that spending was desirable. That's in contradiction to the administration's statement that only five percent of the Affordable Care Act's funding is unnecessary.
(2) Trump and his administration haven't said they want to kill Obamacare, as they did on the campaign trail. According to the Times, the Department of Health and Human Services has instead said that a future law might allow insurers to return to the old market, with different insurance regulations.
How does that fit together?
Trump couldn't be clearer about his intentions. If you dismiss his words out of hand as "the lying Trump," you're missing the point. The media, he believes, is bent on covering up for Hillary Clinton. This is why Trump has hired Bret Baier, and why he has attacked Greta Van Susteren and Megyn Kelly. Trump believes the media thinks he'll lose in November, and wants to protect her from his likely defeat, so he needs to distract people. So he turns to lies.
You have to wonder what he'll tell us next. Perhaps we'll learn that he has lost his ability to remember what he promised, or he's admitting that he once was "far less corrupt than (Hillary) Clinton," and is no longer that way. That's possible. But my guess is it's not.
The lazy working class isn't his enemy. But if Donald Trump can't tell the truth about his health care policy, when will we ever get to know him, or even who he really is?
The Associated Press

GFN13
Your why? Donald Trump loses the election in 4 easy paragraphs
Yes, you read that right. You may have read this article before, but it’s time to keep it that way because what you just read is 100 percent true. The most successful election of the last century took place on November 8, 2016, and ultimately, one man won and another lost. He lost the debate to make his oath, losing not only the popular vote, but the popular vote by nearly 2.5 million votes. But that’s not the big picture. What the 3 major debates reveal is he has no moral sense, using his influence, power, and brains to achieve the exact opposite of what would’ve been well done.
The first major debate was Round One. Trump got the opportunity to speak. While he did state in the Round One debate to not discuss the mental stability of the candidate, citing instances of Michelle Obama as examples of somebody who was deranged, he went ahead and got personal. Demanding Hillary Clinton’s emails to be released and inciting to stop releasing them. Needless to say, the opposite was said and he was out. I mean, he really admitted himself to being in the sunken place. Hillary learned about losing, and rightfully so. She pointed out the fact that Trump was not a fit for the job. She asked him to set a positive example for the nation, to let the country focus on the issues and not him, the President of the United States. Her campaign team had prepared her to answer his question, knowing that he would be the center of attention and it all depended on how she was responding. Trump did the exact opposite, without even asking for a raise. He claimed he wanted to run because of the election and because his daughter asked him. He first tried to distract, declaring that there was no election. But on the main point, that could’ve been her moment to shine, she was introduced to the world as a captive wife and her spouse was kidnapped. No one was impressed with his lies. Not even Trump.
The second debate gave the American voters the chance to see the true nature of Trump. As the world started to eye him for what he truly was, Trump did what he is naturally in his instincts; go all in, and not respond to anything at all. He actually refused to answer any question and the primary reason being that he may want to win the election. Too late. I think he will wake up to this and retire from the race. The bottom line is he’s not listening, he’s not doing anything, but this is the job he signed up for. It’s time for him to leave for good. But he will not because he won’t accept losing. It’s a never-ending cycle because that’s how he runs. He will continue to win by any means necessary and we will have no idea what is truly going on in his mind and heart. When he is finally “done” winning, he will go do what we all wished he would’ve done during the election. He will get his $1B.
I almost decided not to link to this article. As mentioned earlier, we could’ve guessed this all based on Trump’s actions. But it was necessary for me to confirm with credible people and have done research on the subject. What’s really interesting about the two Presidential debates is that they almost revealed the lies he truly stands for. He will say one thing and do the exact opposite. And more importantly, he has no moral core. If that isn’t enough, he goes on to answer Hillary’s questions, with his own, rather than based on what the American people truly want. I want to see it. I truly want to see it. We need to see it.
Then on the 4th and final debate, we learned that the most powerful man in the world only cares about one thing and that’s winning. Clearly, we found out that the first debate was the most important. Again, he answered questions, denied answers, and repeated sentiments, using his argument about winning and destroying terrorism as the reason why he’s not doing what the American people want. No way. Again. His opponent and her campaign never prepared for this. And yet this is how he got the nomination. But it’s gonna get worse. This is not the Trump you think you’re voting for.
Trust me, it’s only gonna get worse for everyone. If anything, this is now the breaking point.

GFN14
OPINION: Did climate science actually disprove global warming?
House Speaker Paul Ryan wasted no time getting his man, Oklahoma Attorney General Scott Pruitt, to agree to lead his ascendant climate change think tank called the “Energy and Economic Opportunity Project.”
Two years before the EPA administrator was nominated by President Trump to lead the agency, Ryan named Pruitt as his first energy advisor and named him as one of two official trustees. He even made Pruitt give up his law license as part of the deal.
The move was championed by a long line of rich, pro-business Republicans led by representatives Jeff Sessions, Rob Bishop, Cathy McMorris Rodgers, Ted Yoho, and others, but it has finally paid off. The Energy and Economic Opportunity Project is a pet project of Ryan and will be a far cry from his previous effort.
But that’s ok, because House Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy is not a fan of Climate Action. Just check out the video posted to his verified twitter account (screen-captured by Earth Ed) of McCarthy on Fox Business Channel saying that there is no such thing as global warming when he’s being interviewed by Maria Bartiromo.
In true American style, the Republican congressman is still defiant as he utters his defiant words to Bartiromo, trying to ignore the fact that the polluter Koch brother brothers gave $14 million to the Competitive Enterprise Institute (CEI), the research organization that ranks as the number-one influencer on fossil fuel related policies at the Heritage Foundation.
To give credit where credit is due, the Koch brothers have also formed a political action committee called Americans for Prosperity Foundation and they support Republican candidates “whose mission is to stand up for free enterprise.”
Then there’s this.
The other group that Trump is relying on to undermine climate change research is the Citizens United Institute and the Climate Policy Initiative of Right Wing commentator and political campaign strategist Rachel Sheffield.
“The EPA’s office of science and technology produces several well-respected papers that clearly dispute climate change. Few wonder why President Trump announced today that his administration is canceling these important climate change studies. The only other possibility is that this science does not exist.”
Nevertheless, The New York Times is weighing in on this ground, continuing to declare the climate change alarmists as enemies of the state.
The U.S. Chamber of Commerce claims that up to 400,000 jobs could be at risk under the Clean Power Plan. According to the New York Times the U.S. Chamber of Commerce also claims that up to 400,000 jobs could be at risk under the Clean Power Plan.
“To put the numbers into context, the Clean Power Plan is estimated to cost the economy about $80 billion and cause 1.1 million jobs to be lost. These numbers are extremely compelling.”
Unfortunately for them, the Pew Research Center found that average wages for workers in the power plant sector are already lower than for workers in other energy-related jobs.

GFN15
Ex-Bush adviser Rove says not planning to run for president
WHITE SULPHUR SPRINGS, W. Va. (Reuters) - Karl Rove, once an influential adviser to President George W. Bush, said on Monday that he was not planning to make a third attempt at the White House.
Former White House adviser Karl Rove (C) participates in an interview with Reuters at his home in White Sulphur Springs, West Virginia, April 14, 2008. REUTERS/Jeff Zelevansky
“I’m not planning on running,” Rove told Reuters. “There’s a part of me that wants to give people who want to follow in my footsteps a chance.”
Rove, one of Washington’s top political operatives, took a commanding lead in the polls during the 2000 Republican primary campaign before Bush, then governor of Texas, mounted his then-unorthodox campaign for the White House.
Rove made a similar leap in 2004, putting Bush in the White House, but his hold on power was fast slipping after the 2004 election.
In a post-Bush White House dominated by Democrats, Rove’s job largely consisted of attacking his successor, Barack Obama, and overseeing the 2005 prosecution of U.S. military lawyer Lynndie England for abusing prisoners at the Iraq prison.
In recent months, he has backed away from the forefront of the Republican Party, and he has taken on a less political role in his private consulting firm.
Rove said he saw no need to step back from politics now that Obama’s fellow Democrats have taken over the U.S. House of Representatives and Senate.
“I was focused on politics when George Bush was president and I was focused on politics when he was not president,” Rove said. “I don’t see myself being a pundit in the press.”
“I think I can contribute even better from outside,” he said.
Rove’s departure from politics ends a more than four-decade political career that began in the Nixon White House and has taken him to Austin, Texas, and, more recently, to the Bush White House.
Rove rose to prominence during the Nixon era as a political operative who helped rehabilitate the Republican brand after Watergate, helping Nixon break into the offices of Democratic National Committee staff.
In 1984, he helped see Ronald Reagan elected president by attacking Democratic presidential contender Walter Mondale as a “tax and spend liberal.”
In 1987, he opened up shop in Austin, working as a consultant to Texas Gov. Ann Richards and on the House Republican leadership team. He went on to win an assistant seat in the House in 1990 and rose to the top ranks of the GOP, working for the House Republicans in the midterm elections of 1994.
He played a key role in helping Bush win the 2000 Republican presidential nomination and the general election, but made his reputation after helping Bush make that leap to the White House in 2004.
After he was appointed senior adviser to the Bush White House in late 2001, Rove became one of the most prominent and polarizing members of the Bush administration, embroiled in scandals including the investigation into who leaked the identity of CIA operative Valerie Plame.
Just days before he announced on Monday that he was leaving the White House, Rove faced critics in Congress who are seeking to impeach the president for allegedly suppressing the truth about the firing of eight U.S. attorneys.
Slideshow (3 Images)
Rove also admitted to holding confidential meetings with journalists during his days as Bush’s chief political strategist.
Asked how he would counsel White House staffers in their present crisis over the firing of eight U.S. attorneys, Rove did not mince words.
“Keep your mouth shut, keep your tongue tied,” he said. “You can’t do anything. You don’t have any impact.”

GFN16
Obama pushes Black History Month message in return to Cleveland
President Barack Obama speaks during the Cuyahoga Community College Presidential Lecture Series in Cleveland, Ohio, U.S., April 13, 2018. REUTERS/Carlos Barria
Cleveland, Ohio — The American Dream is founded on black people’s freedom from slavery, and Barack Obama is proud of that.
That’s one message he spoke about on Friday, the day he returned to Cleveland for the first time as president, speaking to a friendly crowd of students and community leaders at Cuyahoga Community College. He told of how, as an American, he has the right to “speak the truth to powerful people,” because “other people’s power is always tempered by yours.”
This is not the message Obama has preached to audiences across the country in the past year, including at rallies during his 2016 presidential campaign.
In his address, he urged his audience to join him on “this quest to finish the work we started together.”
“This isn’t a moment for idle chest thumping or pointless arguments,” he said. “To keep moving forward, we have to reject the kinds of claims that can separate us.”
In typical Obama fashion, the president went on to explicitly address the anger many of the country’s oppressed communities felt during his two terms.
“Part of the reason I’m getting enthusiastic about politics right now is because I’m energized by the fact that the forces that divide us are weaker than they’ve been in decades,” he said. “The forces that are silencing people, that oppress women, that disenfranchise people, those forces are weaker right now than they’ve been in decades. And it feels like that progress that we’ve made over the last eight years is real.”
Obama turned the theme of “we” into a call for collective responsibility.
“As president, it’s been a joy to bring other people together in big demonstrations,” he said. “It’s been even more joy to bring everyone around the dinner table to share our stories, the lessons of the day, to reflect on our hopes.”
He didn’t just mention these efforts to bring people together as part of his first term in office. He discussed the “Great Society” and “Fair Deal” plans his first aides began working on in 2009 and reiterated his support for universal health care on Friday.
And he took a shot at the “redistributionist-in-chief” he has faced at times throughout his presidency, most notably after he declared in his famous 2016 speech in Philadelphia that he was not the problem.
“I know that’s been the criticism of the last eight years, the idea that I was asking too much of Americans, that I wasn’t paying enough attention to my own reality, that my only agenda was to help the people just above, those who voted for me.”
The response to that speech, he said on Friday, has been one of “positive affront” and “hatred.”
“We’ve got work to do here, so we can counter that attitude, and actually trust you’re not better than anyone else,” he said.
