GRN1
A New Report Says Terrorists Feel Less Vulnerable
People attend a vigil for victims of the Capitol attack on Monday in San Bernardino, Calif. (AP Photo/Richard Vogel)
More than half of the 250,000 people who expressed interest in recent months in recruiting extremists to do “dirty work” in Europe said they were unaware of how such activities were carried out, according to a new DHS report. And almost half of the 270 former extremists interviewed in the United States also said they were inclined to go through with attacks they considered to be legitimate, the report said.
The report comes after the attack last week in which a shooter opened fire on a crowd at a congressional baseball practice, killing four people and wounding several others, including House Majority Whip Steve Scalise, of Louisiana.
It comes amid an intense national debate about extremism and potential threats from individuals who go on to commit acts of violence, often inspired by extreme ideas.
It said the number of foreign recruits active in terrorist activity at any given time in Europe has fallen, to 3,749 in 2016 from 5,607 in 2015, a decline apparently attributable to the vetting regime in place for individuals traveling from the Middle East to Europe. And while “extremists remain motivated to carry out attacks in Europe, they are concerned with logistics, and less willing to wait around for opportunities to materialize,” the report said.
Beyond those doing such “dirt work,” the report said, “other extremists remain relatively unfazed” by terrorism. Only 4 percent of foreign-born ISIS members cited physical security as a main reason to join the group, and a small minority cited ideology. The other main focus, they said, was being free and “masters of their own destinies.”
The report also found that most foreign-born ISIS recruits say they joined in order to “feel alive” — though “the importance of having a cause cannot be overemphasized for foreign-born foreign terrorists.”
“Foreign-born foreign terrorists who are British, French and Australian citizens say they want to fight for the Islamic State because it is fighting against oppression in a deeply Muslim country,” the report said.
The report also found that seven out of ten foreign-born foreign terrorist fighters in Iraq and Syria are women, representing a global total of 53,000 women. Some have done so willingly, citing economic reasons, others by force. The one common factor among foreign terrorist fighters who are women, the report said, is “radicalization or attachment to a new religion.”
By the close of last year, the U.S. administration had a strong “capacity to handle a maximum-scale, high-casualty event — the number one obstacle facing homeland defense,” the report said.
Despite the attacks in Orlando, Barcelona and London, the number of actual plots had decreased since 2011, it said. Over the period, there had been 51 plots, of which 52 percent “involved authorities disrupting these, and 12 percent did not.”
But in the same period, after another 73 attacks, 179 people were killed and 1,265 injured, the report said. And the rate of homegrown attacks remains high, with 82 of the 171 identified since 2012 taking place in the United States, Europe and Canada.
The report contains data drawn from DHS’s recently introduced National Counterterrorism Center, and other academic sources.
This report follows a study issued last year by the RAND Corporation, a private research group, which concluded that Americans vulnerable to violent extremism — especially those who act on racial or religious grounds — are significantly less likely to be caught.
At least 12,025 Americans have traveled to Syria, Iraq or Afghanistan to join terrorist groups between 2005 and the start of 2017, the report said. In contrast, nearly 44,000 people aged 18 to 55 between 2005 and 2015 had joined the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria.
This article originally appeared in The New York Times and was published with the kind permission of The New York Times

GRN2
In the portal to the dark web
It’s just a matter of time.
The zombies are starting to sprawl all over the internet. There are tales of once venerable tech giants’ collapse.
That’s one of the takeaways from Thursday’s story by the Observer and ProPublica about the erosion of Silk Road, a dark-web marketplace.
But it doesn’t take breaking new ground to know there’s something rotten in the heart of commerce. It is actually deep-seated. The Reddit thread about the Silk Road story is an excellent example.
“If you google ‘gateway to black market,’ the first two pages of results are bibles and pickpockets,” said Emmett Rensin.
The earlier question about why you’d want to buy illegal items from a dark web marketplace is as old as commerce itself.
It’s not the point to talk about the morality of a dark-web marketplace.
I’m simply interested in the historical fact that, whatever you want to believe about the morality of dark-web markets, the exchange of goods and ideas on them happens.
Back in the mid-to-late-19th century, in what we might call “back then”, the promise of the railroads was that by moving the commerce in the rest of the country into the same lines as the goods, we’d all get faster and cheaper. The same logic would apply to this time, of course, because then there was a huge concentration of power in a relatively small handful of railroads.
The promise that the same logic will apply to us today, even on the internet, is inapplicable. The internet is not the railroad. There is a universe of different possibilities than I was able to explore in those early days. I realized this as a young boy who came home from school one day and immediately remembered a book and its advertisements. “Rendure: the origin of courage,” the books read, proclaiming courage as a virtue I should strive for. Who knew what a grand enterprise was just in front of me, a great reservoir of virtue waiting to be developed, built from the original principle of courage.
But not on my computer screen! No, no. The copy of the books was on my teacher’s desk, not my desk.
The digital frontier does not have to represent a challenge. Yes, it would be wonderful to find a place at the table for that fragile soul who stumbled onto the internet without someone premeditating his or her choice. But that civilization is, as far as I know, not yet at the table.
In the end, as far as I can tell, we don’t even need to go there. Internet companies and app companies are not waiting for the arrival of dark web commerce.
The journey there begins with a willingness to take risks.

GRN3
Poland sets strict abortion law ahead of protests
Poland will have the world’s strictest abortion laws when it takes effect Sunday — but that has not stopped hundreds of thousands of women from marching in protest against the move.
The seven-year-old constitutional amendment will allow only abortion during the first three months of pregnancy, with exceptions for victims of rape or incest, or to save the mother’s life. After that, abortion is allowed only with the consent of the woman’s doctor.
Protesters held up signs in Polish and English that read “Defend life!” and held a huge banner that depicted a clock counting down to the 12-month anniversary of the legislation.
The demonstration Sunday was the largest such march since the conservative government took office in 2015.
Dozens of women travelled for days from western Poland, including from Prague, to join the protest. The women were accompanied by a group of women from neighboring Slovakia who also joined the march. One of the Slovaks said she could not go to her own country’s protest and instead come to Warsaw.
“I came here because I am in a waiting period. I have nine months to live. There is no reason to be aborted!” said a young Slovak woman, who would not give her name.
“I had an abortion when I was 15. I was a child, and now I have four children, and I’m pregnant again,” said another Slovak woman, who also would not give her name. “This is not the message of Pope Francis, either. This is a message that is destructive and evil.”
Many people traveled from Hungary and the Czech Republic, who have some of the world’s most liberal abortion laws. Anti-abortion activists gathered in Prague and Warsaw before Sunday’s protests.
On the edge of Warsaw’s Revolution Square on Sunday afternoon, a nationalist Czech protester held a sign that read “Kill abortion,” in support of the anti-abortion demonstrators. Another protester carried a sign that said “Walk to Jerusalem” in memory of the woman who was killed in a Jerusalem abortion clinic in 1978.
Demonstrators praised the protesters who traveled from other countries, but with surprising support for Poland’s law.
“It’s very well organized. Actually, I think it’s not up to us who should protect women or not,” said Beno Bezkova, a 64-year-old man from the western city of Torun, who held a large Polish flag. “It’s in the hands of the culture. So, I think it is normal that they want to have that, for sure.”
He said Poland is “absolutely European,” and that the Western countries should have legal abortions “but not without their own cultures and the unborn child.”
Marta Stambolska, a 62-year-old woman who said she came from Zgorzelec in eastern Poland, said she supports Polish lawmakers who voted for the abortion law.
“We believe in the protection of life, and we are Poles,” she said. “That is our roots, not some others.”
Since the protests started several weeks ago, hundreds of thousands of people have marched in Warsaw, its nearest equivalent in capital.
Protesters carried banners with messages such as “I want choice” and “Live, be alive, not run from life” and “Women cannot give birth while sick.” They chanted “Shame, shame.”
Before the weekend, women’s groups have been organizing a mass action Monday, to coincide with International Women’s Day, known in Poland as Ljuicekki, or Women’s Strike.
Some 15,000 women were to take part in a pro-choice rally in the central Polish city of Krakow on Monday.
The new abortion law caused outrage among Poles, but some analysts have said the surge in calls to abortion services in some cities shows it is popular with some women.
Currently, Poland has no limits on abortion other than a ban on abortions during the first 14 weeks of pregnancy. About a third of all abortions are performed in that time frame, on women who still feel they cannot bear a child.

GRN4
Could This 50-Year-Old Goosehead Make $5 Million Every Day Trading Stocks and Options?
Hedge-fund titan Steven Cohen, like most people, likes his beer. He can also hold more than 1 million ounces of gold coins, a part of his fortune that he shared with his dad, Miriam Cohen. He just doesn't like going through the SEC probe that's driven his shares down 13% this year.
That's why Reddit user Aaaayamm was intent on running a hedge fund similar to Cohen's $19 billion Point72 Asset Management. His $5 million fund would trade traditional stocks and commodities, but will also be "long" hours for hours, days, and weeks on end. It would all come down to bullishness and patience, Aaaayamm says.
Holding long positions would let the trader earn "a larger cut" of the profits he earned, said Aaaayamm, if he or she "maintains an upward trajectory." In other words, a ton of patience.
Which brings us to The Capitalist, and his perhaps crazy, but maybe not such a bad idea idea.
Mr. Capitalist, a 26-year-old software developer in New York, says he'd love to earn thousands of dollars per day trading shares and options. He has eight checks totaling $420,000 from his hedge fund prototype with a group of others who are "quite excited about the idea." But getting the scheme off the ground is proving difficult, he says. Capitalist can't find an assistant yet, and he's not sure how much he'd need to bring in to cover his living expenses, since paying off overhead and vendors is a big part of the business.
The Capitalist says he intends to submit paperwork to the Securities and Exchange Commission. The next step in the process will be to make sure that the SEC is approving the plan. Even if The Capitalist gets SEC approval, he admits that the project "may not work out" if his company grows to be too large.
Note to the SEC, and anyone else interested in investing in The Capitalist's stock: It's been a long, cold winter, and what is The Capitalist but a seven-year-old gooseling?
Commodities trader claims he can hit market's gold [BizJournals]

GRN5
Flu vaccine to reach out to Black communities in 2015 campaign
NEW YORK (Reuters) - With outbreaks of severe bacterial illness in Flint, Michigan and New Orleans topping headlines, health officials have been searching for new ways to prevent similar outbreaks in the future.
Forty million people, or 12 percent of U.S. households, do not get regular flu vaccinations, according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. That number has risen over the past decade.
In response, the California Department of Public Health is conducting the largest Black influenza immunization campaign in state history, vaccinating 72,000 Black children for flu season.
“We’re giving the shot to an even larger percentage of Black children than we normally would do,” said Victoria David, associate medical director for environmental health for the state. “This new campaign really targets the children in communities that traditionally have been overlooked.”
California is working closely with first responders and community leaders in Los Angeles, who are doing outreach to nearby communities about the importance of flu vaccinations. The campaign kicked off in April and is scheduled to run until mid-May.
“There’s been a lot of emphasis on preventing disease in the United States, but how do we address Black America?” said David. “We think getting the message out and opening dialogues around the importance of flu immunization - by extending it to African-American communities - is really important.”
The $1.4 million initiative is being funded by donors, including the WellComm Foundation, the Silber Foundation and the Dixie Regional Medical Center Foundation. Its aim is to fill in the gap that exists in the number of Black people who are not vaccinated due to a lack of coverage or convenience.
Tossing books out of subway windows in Harlem, Sharon Perry, 52, a New York City resident said she gets a flu shot every year. But, “every other year I have to run to a doctor’s office,” she said. “We all have to just learn from this.”
Black people are often particularly vulnerable to the flu, which researchers say is because of transmission routes - such as power plants and cemeteries - that cannot easily be addressed with vaccines. In 2012, an outbreak in Port Royal, South Carolina, claimed more than 200 lives and contaminated a nearby brook with bacterial waste. The outbreak was largely blamed on poor sanitation.
Experts estimate the average Black child is 50 times more likely to die of the flu than their White peers. And in the 2014-2015 flu season, a particularly severe flu season, 16 percent of flu deaths occurred in African Americans, according to the CDC.
However, David said that the relatively low numbers are not because of a lack of intent - flu shot availability and vaccination rates are “abysmal” among Black households.
“This year, we had tremendous uptake,” said Sarah Bowman, co-founder of a grass-roots program called Corporate Person in Action that focuses on the integration of businesses into the healthcare system. “I think the flu really gave people in the community the opportunity to talk about the lack of healthcare options in black communities. I think that gave people the awareness to talk about the importance of immunization.”

GRN6
What makes Trump so dangerous to Republicans? His greed.
“Power corrupts, and absolute power corrupts absolutely,” wrote Alexis de Tocqueville in his classic "Democracy in America." Almost 200 years later, that enduring political truth still applies. No matter how many times Republicans say that they’re tough on governing, money corrupts politicians, and absolute power corrupts absolutely.
With his atrociously performing economy and a campaign that undermined everything he said he’d do, President Donald Trump’s love of the big payoff came through loud and clear in the 2020 primaries.
Story Continued Below
Because he’s “a winner,” Trump’s congressional primary opponent, Democrat Andrew Gillum, pounced. He called the billionaire “the most corrupt president in history.” He raised $34 million for an anti-Trump campaign called “Run, Andy, Run.”
Gillum fared poorly against Trump, and he lost the governor’s race to DeSantis. Trump — with all his magnificence — ensured DeSantis’ victory by endorsing him. The president sent national media clips featuring his gleeful boasting that DeSantis “beat Gillum,” and that the news was “GREAT.”
During the Senate primary between Todd Ricketts and Amy McGrath, Ricketts started saying that he was going to vote for Jeff Flake’s congressional challenger. Like the GOP establishment in Congress and Florida, Ricketts is nervous about Trump. In an interview, Ricketts was asked whether he might regret it if Flake were elected.
“I don’t think so,” Ricketts replied. “I think it’d be a disaster.” He described Flake as a “self-righteous, scared socialist man-baby who voted for the Islamic State.” Like Trump, Ricketts wanted DeSantis to win, and so he threw his support behind the Republican nominee, Gov. Ron DeSantis.
Also like Trump, Ricketts was often seen as an opportunist. In a rare interview, he criticized Flake by name — as well as “anti-Trump Republicans” who were supported by Soros, American Progress and Meryl Streep. But Ricketts’ real target is the “Dump Trump” movement. He doesn’t like the fact that Trump won the 2016 election.
Again like Trump, Ricketts staked his reputation on his ability to beat back populist candidates who might erode Trump’s power. With Trump effectively licking his chops for Ricketts to back out, Ricketts went on the attack against his primary opponent. He made vulgar insinuations about Ricketts’ father, Joe Ricketts, and said the person with a record of “draining the swamp” must pass ethics laws. After revealing his financial backing of the anti-Trump political group Great America Alliance, Ricketts then asked a judge to strike down the election law itself.
Ricketts hinted that he might even quit the GOP entirely if DeSantis lost the election. But, in the end, Ricketts went for the jugular, telling the Miami Herald on Election Day that “the only answer is Doug [DeSantis] winning.”
His support for DeSantis was not only down the middle — it was virtually 100 percent. Ricketts advised DeSantis, DeSantis advised Ricketts, and Ricketts was ready to vote for DeSantis.
That’s what has to be alarming to Republicans. A century ago, Republicans faced the prospect of being left behind by a populist insurgency led by a charismatic populist. In the face of an existential threat, Republicans responded with core political beliefs: Conservatives feared the government was destroying the economy; libertarians feared the freedom from government coercion; anti-progressives feared the erosion of private property. Republicans gathered together those beliefs into what has become the most powerful political movement the United States has ever known: free-market capitalism.
Trump, in contrast, didn’t embrace an ideology; he embraced the ordinary. He wasn’t motivated by ideology, so much as by a hunger for fame and power. But there is a difference. In the days of L.B.J., Republicans defended their economic interests against the AFL-CIO and the Communist Party. Democrats are now confronting Democrats. Democrats in Congress — even those that split from the party at the convention — are trying to support immigrants against Trump’s Arizona border wall, even while the rest of the party is, in Trump’s words, “sleepwalking.”

GRN7
With the Apparel Industry’s Perceived Promise of Sustainability, We’re Now Exposed to an Intolerable Risk
The convenience of supermarkets has been a huge boon to the retail industry. But research by the Council for Sustainable Retailing, the National Retail Federation, and other trade associations found that zero-waste clothing could bring in more than $36 billion for stores every year.
Michael Mariucci, an industry analyst at Strategy Analytics, notes that the biggest challenge to making fashion more streamlined is ensuring that the designs and colors of that clothing appeal to the largest number of people. “A lot of clothing manufacturers tend to run low on stocks, and if it goes bad, it doesn’t have a large market,” he says. “You don’t want to be the guy who’s selling bad clothes because they just have no customers. You want them to have the most desirable clothes. And that’s a challenge. That’s a key challenge for the sustainable apparel industry.”
What does it mean that we’re not doing anything?
Often, industry observers have argued that good intentions, and a regular commitment to sustainability, should not distract from the greater lesson that we’re simply not buying enough clothing.
An editorial in Marie Claire this week made that point. “It’s not the pollution from fiber production that’s the problem—we produce enough fiber already,” the magazine argued. “It’s the waste. We need to buy fewer items, or manufacture them more efficiently.”
Which is true—to some extent.
A problem with the theory of consumption is that the idea is outmoded, despite media attention and support for the subject from an array of prominent supporters. Is it really asking much to limit a lifetime wardrobe to one uniform item? And it is all still figuring out its methods.
By some measures, though, we’re at a more advanced stage than might seem.
“The early fashioner types, who would look back on the time around 1970 as the time when the economic benefits of their approach was analyzed, would be shocked to find the vast progress that has been made over the past four decades,” an analysis of progress from the British research company Global Environmental Solutions found. “Factors affecting our purchases, such as the industry’s shift from existing sheet through the use of a higher fiber composition and introduction of synthetic yarns, has resulted in clothing designed not only in form, but also in color, fit, seaming, durability, and softness.”
But many researchers and analysts think that could all be about to change. “By 2050, we estimate that 80 percent of household assets will be defined as real estate,” Global Environmental Solutions said in a statement. “There may be a point at which 3D printing technologies overtake the efficiency of the four-day-old garment and our clothing facilities are physically unable to keep up with expected demand.”

GRN8
"I'm just furious": Relations in Congress crack after attack
Sen. Kirsten Gillibrand (D-N.Y.) spoke at the Capitol where she condemned the attack. | Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images Congress 'I'm just furious': Relations in Congress crack after attack
A day after a gunman opened fire in the Capitol, lawmakers said they were enraged by the shooting and blamed both the gunman and security officials for the attack.
"I’m just furious," Sen. Kirsten Gillibrand (D-N.Y.) said in a phone interview. "This is supposed to be a peaceful place, and to be shooting that and killing people and doing that in a community that had not been attacked before is horrifying."
Story Continued Below
One victim of Thursday's shooting, Democratic lobbyist Matt Mika, was identified by sources familiar with the situation as a lobbyist who worked for a Saudi company connected to the killing of Washington Post contributor Jamal Khashoggi.
Gillibrand, as well as many other lawmakers, said the attack was an indictment of security.
"The Capitol grounds should be a place of peace, and it was appalling that it got to that," she said. "No one should be allowed to bring a firearm into the Capitol, and the assumption is that if they come in, they have to pass through the metal detectors."
Keep up with POLITICO Playbook The 2020 Election. The New Congress. The Mueller Investigation. Be in the Know. Email Sign Up By signing up you agree to receive email newsletters or alerts from POLITICO. You can unsubscribe at any time.
Rep. Vicente Gonzalez (D-Texas) said the shooting was a "red flag" of a security system that needs to be revamped.
"There’s no doubt that because of circumstances beyond our control, we have lost the ability to be safe on the grounds of the Capitol," Gonzalez said. "In the early part of his career, his team was certainly trained to make sure no one could bring a weapon to the Capitol. Unfortunately, that’s not possible. So when one of his security detail is injured, the next time he may be the one injured."
Rep. Mark Takano (D-Calif.) said it was "abhorrent" to see a teenager behaving in this way, even in broad daylight.
"It’s shocking, and I think it says it does raise questions about the level of security that we have in the Capitol when, at an angle approaching just close enough, there’s a shooting like that," Takano said. "That’s a shame."
"But if you look at the long-term impact of this, it comes down to what is the risk of a college athlete who is walking up and down the halls of the Capitol building in the middle of the afternoon, being able to walk into a room, gun down a lobbyist and kill one or more people and not get shot?"

GRN9
As Kiev picks special envoy for the south-east, separatists battle insurgents in Donetsk
WHEN Kiev’s rivers glistened, the city-state of Donetsk was the longest and widest. Now its old centre is devastated, all around is shattered old buildings and craters and heavy fighting is raging. The current conflict, involving Moscow-backed separatists, began two years ago, the next big election is on May 25th and the government has a tight grip on the capital. Kiev and the west want no part of Russia, which exercises its military muscle around Ukraine’s western and southern flanks. At the same time, Russia has for years been supporting separatist organisations in eastern Ukraine, ranging from neo-Nazi enterprises to ones that would disappear in Europe’s pocket if they vanished today. Kiev has now named Mr Pyotr Verkhovsky, the editor of Sova think tank, to the position of special envoy for the south-east of Ukraine, based in Rostov-on-Don.
Mr Verkhovsky’s role is not merely to focus on verifying the ceasefire in the south-east, where there is continuing fighting, but to take over as a central point for local people to tell stories, correspondents to cover affairs and Russians to comment. “In 2008 it was pretty challenging to find Russian sources. In 2017 it is obviously much easier. They can call me on the phone.”
One Russian, Savadzhan Mezin, thinks the de facto Russian-backed regime in Donetsk is now failing. Asked why, he gestures, then looks up to see Svetlana, a volunteer nurse, trying to take down the number of soldiers she has treated. In a cage housing 18 injured servicemen Mr Mezin looks at them and says: “There are too many in a few places. In my experience on an ambulance go when the number of wounded increases the troop strength of the armed forces of one country increases.”
Mr Mezin himself is happy to work in Ukraine’s Donetsk. The service he has set up in the rebel militia, whose honorary leader is Aleksandr Zakharchenko, a former governor in Donetsk, is called the Compatriots Active Defence of the Localities. It employs as volunteers a mercenary who gave his name only as “Master Yuriy”, a Russian paratrooper. (Thus the name of a famous Russian comic.) Much of the work is done in trenches and hospitals. On this last day of a recent swing the Compradens Active Defence office has had three rounds of crossfire and is busy setting up a protective wall. In an office decorated with Harley-Davidson paraphernalia, Mr Mezin and Mr Verkhovsky discuss the scale of damage to Donetsk’s historic centre. It is not a fair contest, says Mr Verkhovsky. Mr Mezin says he is familiar with battles in Sevastopol; the Ukrainian region of Donbass, which is also under attack from separatists; and now with the south-east. It is hard to imagine such a scenario where the same capitals are shelled by the same forces. He gets up to show off his map of Donetsk. He marks all the “Empire”, and there are no more. When he moves to the Citadel, one of the few citadels still standing, he says: “This time it is safe.”
Mr Verkhovsky jumps in. “Here it’s not so easy. You have to arrange the loyalty of the leaders.”
The gap between this idealised garrison and reality is little greater than the one between them, in most places. He includes in the de facto “Russian-speaking” administration in Donetsk two seats for one region. That includes little Kostov’s, renamed “Republic of Am-homa”, in addition to the Manueva administrative district. “I can understand how the representatives of these regions use the Russian language,” says Mr Verkhovsky.
In Crimea, where Russia annexed Ukraine’s Black Sea peninsula in 2014, feelings are stronger. The time and date is seen as distinct from times and dates in Crimea. Once in power, Moscow has a target in mind: build up the area to something “similar to Kiev”. That is a long way off, he concedes. Mr Mezin, a lanky young man, is not so sanguine. From his perspective, the victors of war are now parades of barbed wire and guns. Moscow uses the troubles in Donetsk, where he now works as a translator, to keep the West on its toes. “We hear all the time that Russia supports the terrorists,” he says.

GRN10
Is Russia wrong to deploy its military?
Night-vision technology isn’t the battlefields of Iraq and Afghanistan. It’s not even very Russian. Rather, it’s a weapon that most of us are thinking about far more than we should—on Monday when Washington warned Russia it could risk “grave consequences” for its actions in Ukraine. The warning applies to Russian forces—not the sort of equipment—that Lieutenant General Jeffrey Buchanan, commander of United States European Command, says may be violating the terms of the Minsk ceasefire. The Kremlin has denied the allegations, but it has good reason to worry. Washington is right to believe Russian forces are violating the ceasefire. And it’s also right to think they may be an enemy of America.
The claims centre on Russian troops patrolling Ukraine’s border, and what Lieutenant General Buchanan calls “great-power intimidation of” military bands and security units “that have existed in Ukraine for decades”. Washington recently released a report alleging that Russian advisers are training Ukrainian troops on the shooting down of Malaysia Airlines flight MH17 and on training weapons and munitions for further attacks by Russian-backed separatist rebels. Moscow has vehemently denied all the accusations—and has made much more than the recent statement in a letter to the Guardian newspaper. It has also complained that US spy planes fly missions over the border without permission from Moscow, which, it claims, violates the Russian Constitution. But, the Kremlin needs to be reminded that it has a lot of explaining to do.
Russian forces have appeared to clear the scene of the April 4th shelling of a Ukrainian military convoy by Ukraine’s armed forces. Initially, Moscow claimed that they were the victims of what it described as a Ukrainian irregular army raid—basically, the fantasy that Kiev is regularly making—but last week a spokeswomaniac for Russian military intelligence admitted that the Russians were the assailants. Lt Gen Buchanan states that Russian forces may have also moved heavy equipment into territory occupied by a rebel military camp near the city of Donetsk.
The question is what those troops are doing. The Washington report alleges that they have fired on a Ukrainian military convoy. The regime of President Petro Poroshenko says the convoy was spotted on the road when a Russian convoy was three kilometres away; that’s enough to indicate that either an armed attack or a mistaken military convoy was present. In response to the allegations, Russia’s defence ministry warned of a possible humanitarian crisis on the border. But if it had the right kind of footage, and really wanted a ceasefire deal to take effect, it could choose to provide its own. It could show any evidence it has. It could also, just as easily, release footage from the country of origin. That’s a decision it does not want to make.
According to the Russian news agency ITAR-TASS, the defence ministry released official photos last week showing a convoy of 34 armoured personnel carriers, two mortars, six anti-tank guns and a large unit of heavy machine guns moving along the border, before heading to Ukraine. That’s a sight that most of us can’t quite recognise. There’s a similar rolling re-creation that Britain’s Ministry of Defence reportedly showed during the Troubles in Northern Ireland. Their claims that Britain recently provided defence technology to Russia’s defence ministry are dubious at best, but neither report has found the actual source. So for the time being Lieutenant General Buchanan has good reason to be more concerned about the alleged presence of Russian troops than Russian military hardware. Those troops are far more likely to suffer fatal injuries than armoured vehicles. The Army is worried about personnel with PTSD, and the stress of one of its fleet of armoured vehicles rolling into Ukraine.
So what’s the counter to that? President Vladimir Putin doesn’t want to see his forces face the kind of defeat that ousted Libyan dictator Muammar Gaddafi might have inflicted in 2011, and that General Wesley Clark, the former NATO commander in the Balkans, believes saw him ordered Russian ground troops to abandon an invasion of Georgia in 2008.
Nope, Russia must develop a military that, its top brass tell the Russian press, will be armed with Western kit. They plan to acquire “dozens” of European armies’ night-vision technology, and maybe train their troops in it too. They have been trying for years. It’s taken time. The chief of staff, General Valery Gerasimov, has warned that, despite the sanctions he says that his country faces, their new technological edge will “bleed” any Western attempts to interfere with Russian military plans. But that we’ve seen in recent months. The military at war in eastern Ukraine certainly doesn’t need any night-vision gadgetry.

GRN11
Britain’s energy system is quickly buckling under pressures of a changing world
BRITAIN’S present plan to balance its ageing nuclear, coal and oil-based electric power systems with renewables isn’t working well.
Officially, the government predicts that by 2035 the UK will derive half its electricity from renewables, with the remainder from nuclear. Yet in 2016, it only secured a new nuclear reactor at Hinkley Point in Somerset, and in March 2020 an extension of the life of two ageing nuclear power stations. Meanwhile, the east coast’s already inefficient coal power stations are barely operating. More than half the UK’s network, which supplies about 13m people and 6,000 power plants, is still relying on coal. And our expansion of wind farms—which can’t supply electricity to industrial users—is far below projections.
Britain’s energy system, straining at the seams, is not for the faint-hearted. But it has long been self-contained. It won’t be like that in twenty years’ time. Other countries have discovered a dramatic cost reduction in deploying renewable energy. If they followed Britain’s example, the industry would be rapidly reconfigured, with a big-and-small renewables market, backed by nationalisations and public investment.
Britain’s green policies, fixed to date, have led to renewables failing to come anywhere near hitting public targets for 5% of electricity by 2020. For instance, in the E.ON study for Powergen, the renewables-focused energy company, wind-farm implementation was only half the initial figure projected by the industry five years ago. The study estimates that greater than 90% of the cost of sourcing renewables will come from taxpayer-supported schemes such as subsidies for solar-power providers.
Renewables are notoriously cheap to build—commissioning an offshore windfarm can take as little as four months—but more and more power is reaching users from fossil fuels. Deep gas-fired plants, for instance, have become competitive with onshore wind and solar. Coal output, too, is rising again. And the wind does not always blow in the right places.
For the next few years at least, energy policy must be based on practicality. That means balancing emissions-free electricity against coal. It also means building new power stations to avoid price shocks and propping up the balance-sheet finances of utilities, especially those, such as RWE and SSE, that relied heavily on nuclear power for their profits. To achieve these goals, power suppliers need capital and access to finance, and Britain’s liberal regime has largely agreed to this. If the government wants to be realistic about energy policy, it should allow for a flexible system of ownership, ensuring that the country doesn’t become stranded as another white-elephant power station is drawn to the market.
The situation is more grim in the “low-carbon” sector. Two-thirds of the UK’s eight fast-growing electricity generation capacity is natural gas. But gas plants, especially those blessed with big batteries, remain inadequate to bridge the gap when renewable sources falter. For instance, two battery plants are not enough to power a large supermarket, unless it is running every day. The EU is trying to expand offshore wind and offshore renewables, at least on marginal availability, but the UK is too slow. The state-of-the-art utilities that span the power sector, Amec Foster Wheeler and Chubb, are not acting fast enough to fill the void left by what has effectively been the end of Britain’s nuclear era.

GRN12
French leader calls for restraint ahead of US aid
Sen. Bernie Sanders. Sen. Kirsten Gillibrand. Sen. Elizabeth Warren. Sen. Bernie Sanders. Sen. Elizabeth Warren.
Sen. Bernie Sanders. Sen. Kirsten Gillibrand. Sen. Elizabeth Warren.
WASHINGTON (AP) — France's leader warned Saturday against sending any weapons to Ukraine, hours after President Barack Obama announced stepped-up assistance to Kiev as part of a broader effort to help it fend off separatists and Russia.
French President Francois Hollande said it is important to give Ukraine "the means to fight for itself." He called on Russia to end its support for the separatists, saying that neither the French nor the Russian people "want a war."
Obama announced the plan to send defensive weapons to Ukraine during a surprise visit to the region Friday, saying it would help the Ukrainian government defend itself against an offensive by pro-Russian separatists. The president disclosed his decision in the Rose Garden alongside Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko, who has been wracked by violence throughout the conflict that has claimed more than 5,000 lives since April.
Obama said that in addition to lethal military aid, he will consider sending non-lethal assistance. The president said he didn't think this was "a heavy lift," given that Congress already had approved an initial $50 million in assistance to Ukraine.
The Europeans have been reluctant to send weapons to Ukraine because of concerns that they would further escalate the fighting. Obama said he thinks military assistance is "the right thing to do" but noted that some U.S. lawmakers disagree.
"It is not always true that sending more weaponry is going to produce the result that's needed on the ground," Obama said during a joint appearance with Poroshenko.
Obama's visit to Kiev came on the eve of the anniversary of Russia's annexation of Crimea. Obama also warned Russia not to recognize Sunday's vote in Crimea, which is set to set in motion a formal annexation of the region by Russia.
The head of the Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe, Alexander Hug, said the voting process was "provisional" and that the full results of the referendum would not be known until several days after. He said the referendum was not recognized by Ukraine, the United States and others.
Putin issued a statement Saturday, calling the referendum illegitimate. And Russia's Foreign Ministry released a statement saying that any weapons from other countries to Ukraine will be considered a violation of international law and violation of Russia's sovereignty.

GRN13
Study: California &13 others implement climate policies
US Vice President Joe Biden’s carbon pricing and cap-and-trade policies continue to meet stiff opposition at the federal level. US President Donald Trump has made it his goal to pull the US out of the Paris Accord. These policies, however, are alive and kicking in California and the 13 states surrounding the Golden State.
The Gore-Biden legislation, whose time-honored origins are traced back to Former California Governor and Los Angeles Mayor Antonio Villaraigosa, has survived its first legal hurdle since its inauguration.
After registering a protest at the arrival of Pimco Capital Chief Executive Officer Bill Gross in a “Make America Green Again” t-shirt at a Los Angeles event Wednesday, Pensions & Investments staff writer John Myers defended his right to criticize climate change in his own company as he was joined by his attorney Jon Winer, from Gaddie Lawyers.
Additionally, Gross was sanctioned and denied access to the event until he removed the shirt.
Gross’ attorney argued that it was illegal for him to wear the shirt because, “if PIMCO now enforces the policy, then it will give the anti-trading sentiment across the investment industry a cause to attack on a wider scale.”
Citing the US Supreme Court case from the 1970s, Winer argued that “if you can get an investment firm to place a police officer on a dime, just like you can get police in a police car, then anyone can get an investment firm to place a money-manager on a dime.”
The Gore-Biden law was approved in May 2017 and the 13 states have begun to roll it out. The law was hailed as a positive step against climate change by many scientists at the time, but the approach has garnered a number of protests and heated exchanges with the financial world. The 10 largest corporations, which collectively hold nearly $7 trillion in assets, have come out against the law, saying that it stifles investments that are aligned with climate change mitigation efforts.
The liberal PIMCO chief’s t-shirt brought the issue to the fore, and his removal and flagging it at the event led to a legal challenge. The law sets out to put caps on greenhouse gas emissions and give power to the sector to sell allowances for greenhouse gas emissions.
The main strategy behind the Clinton-Biden legislation was that: “all greenhouse gases cannot be emitted with impunity, but neither can the benefits of many of these technologies, nor the costs of introducing them.” The bill, while largely described as an anti-carbon tax policy, is designed to make all industries reduce their emissions.

GRN14
Water storage in US West weakens as climate changes
BISMARCK, N.D. (AP) — Drought has dried up reservoir beds in the U.S. West and the Colorado River Basin Commission is scrambling to develop alternatives to holding the river's water supply — not necessarily a bad thing in good years.
But for the West, an increasingly drier climate is squeezing out many of the weather events that help recharge the Colorado River's underground reservoir so quickly and effectively, making it difficult to pinpoint when — or even if — river water will flow to the West's population centers.
Reservoirs throughout the Colorado River basin are at record low levels. Water levels in three of the river's five reservoirs dropped to record lows last year. To protect fish and wildlife in the river, several states have pledged to take out extra water.
Drought conditions are also affecting flows for wells that provide water to rural communities and an urban area that spans 23 western and southwestern states.
The University of Wyoming, which is home to 1,500 bison, is also affected by declining water levels at a year-round pasture and hay meadow just outside its ranching community of Cheyenne.
Professor James Pederson said farmers in many parts of the West have been locked into contracts for water deliveries to cities for at least the next year, so they must be prepared for agricultural collapses at any time.
"If your irrigation pipe comes apart and you've had a good growing season, you're not going to be able to use your water for irrigation," Pederson said. "We're going to get turned off as a result of this drought."
The U.S. Department of Agriculture's Natural Resources Conservation Service estimates a 44 percent reduction in average crop yields in the Southwestern states and 17 percent in the Colorado Basin this season, and said the analysis "speaks to the difficulty that parts of the basin are facing."
"Water availability is a difficult, frustrating issue," said Ernest Ellig, a senior hydrologist at the agency. "No one likes using scarce resource. It's really the major factor that people have to make up for."
Ellig noted that dry years also cause wells to run dry. That might make some growers think twice about replenishing their wells, which could have long-term effects.
"If the earth continues to dry up and wells run dry, you might not want to go back into that strategy," Ellig said.

GRN15
France's run-off election shows French politician idealism vs 'foreigner problem'
PARIS (Reuters) - France’s May 7 run-off presidential election, with the decisive winner expected to be crowned soon, is taking place in a small, remote Paris suburb near the French capital’s west end that is home to a large immigrant population.
The zone, which has roughly half a million inhabitants, is a blank canvas for candidates, many of whom will have little contact with its citizens.
“So far, I haven’t seen a candidate talking with voters. They talk to the journalists and the problems they think are important,” says Mohamed Ibrahim, 57, who was born in Niger and has lived in the Parisian suburb since he was eight.
“But I want a president who will solve problems. I’m not sure I will vote.”
Ibrahim, who worked as a foreman for a farm before being laid off a year ago, belongs to France’s largest labor union, the CGT.
He says he pays the same taxes as people on more than 1 million euros ($1.1 million) a year, most of them French.
But his neighbors tell a different story. “At first I voted (for former centrist presidential candidate) François Hollande but after he dropped out and Nicolas Sarkozy entered the presidential race I voted for him too. I liked his clean image,” says Mohammed Manjarneh, 53, a former taxi driver who is also a member of the CGT.
“He promised economic reforms but it never came. So, I’m disappointed. But it’s the best opportunity for change. The candidate that scares me is the right. When they came to power, they took jobs away from people and raised the cost of living. I don’t want to do that again.”
This is not far from the Vallee de Beaune canal that runs through Paris’ vast Bastille district where two stores where workers got two euros from each hour they clocked in were opened for the vote on Sunday.
At the polling station, 18-year-old Marie Tromen said she had not seen any of the candidates on the TV this week. “They all said the same things. So, you don’t know what you’re getting. I think the choice is between the extreme right and the left,” she said.
French Socialist Party presidential candidate Francois Hollande (L) and his wife Valerie Trierweiler arrive for the second TV debate with conservative candidate Francois Fillon and far-right National Front party candidate Marine Le Pen in the Essonne region of France April 13, 2017. REUTERS/Charles Platiau

GRN16
Palestinians clash with police, dozens injured in Jerusalem, Gaza
GAZA/JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Palestinians clashed with Israeli police in Jerusalem’s Old City and dozens were injured in violence along the border with the Gaza Strip on Friday as the rival factions held rival rallies protesting at a sacred Jewish site.
Palestinians in east Jerusalem threw stones and firebombs at Israeli police who responded with tear gas, stun grenades and stun grenades, police spokeswoman Luba Samri said.
She said six people had been wounded, including a 15-year-old boy who was lightly injured when a firebomber threw an explosive device near the Old City wall, where a large Palestinian protest was taking place.
Police said the man who threw the device was detained.
More than 250 Palestinians were injured by live fire and rubber bullets and tear gas, said Sawsan Zaher, a doctor at Hadassah hospital in Jerusalem.
An AFP correspondent said the clashes in Jerusalem broke out when Palestinian youths clashed with Israeli police for the second time since the Israeli military razed part of a disputed entrance tunnel to the al-Aqsa mosque compound in the Old City on Wednesday.
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu rebuffed an international appeal on Thursday for the evacuation of a construction site for Jewish housing on the Muslim holy site, while expressing regret over the damage caused.
Arab League foreign ministers met in Cairo to discuss the stand-off and Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas warned the building work could spell the end of Israeli-Palestinian peace efforts.
Abbas cited remarks by Israeli minister Silvan Shalom, who in November said in response to a proposal for peace talks: “We should talk with the Arabs, it will be easier to reach an agreement with them ... there won’t be need to negotiate with us.”
Abbas has warned that any attempt to build on the Temple Mount, Islam’s third holiest site, would spark retaliation by the Palestinians and warned that Israel’s construction of a Jewish plaza on the site, which it annexed in a move that is not recognized internationally, would “reach a decisive point”.
The city’s Muslim sites have been at the heart of decades of tensions between Arabs and Jews. For most of the past century, Jews were forbidden to pray on the Temple Mount, home to the two al-Aqsa mosques.
Some Jewish sects have long desired to establish a Jewish temple on the site, where biblical temples once stood.
FILE PHOTO: An Israeli bulldozer on a highway near the Gush Etzion Jewish settlement near the West Bank city of Bethlehem stands in view of a large stone stone that was removed following clashes with protesters at the Temple Mount in Jerusalem May 27, 2011. REUTERS/Ronen Zvulun/File Photo
A plateau that sits atop the mosque, the Western Wall and a wide sandy plaza that surrounds the al-Aqsa mosque were home to the Jewish temples before they were destroyed by the Romans in 586 BCE. The site is holy to Muslims and Jews.
Palestinians have complained that the state has co-opted the plaza, even displaying an Israeli flag there. They say Netanyahu has allowed tensions to escalate.
The al-Aqsa mosque, a focal point for Arab-Jewish tension since the 1950s, is holy to both Jews and Muslims.
Muslims believe that the mosque was built on the site of the biblical biblical temple, which the Jews never built. Some Jews link the construction of the Western Wall in the old city, at the main plaza of the holy compound, to the biblical temples.
Israel controls access to and around the compound. Palestinian leaders say Israel has used heavy security and measures that make access difficult to prevent Arab Muslims from praying. Jews are allowed to worship at the Western Wall.
